Accused Woman Abuser Keith Ellison Asks House Ethics to Investigate

Well, unlike Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh, Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN), who is running for attorney general in Minnesota without an active attorney's license, has not stood before a committee to deny or address accusations against him by several women who have accused him of verbal and physical abuse.
At least one woman even filed a police report about his abuse.
No, Ellison has called on the House of Representatives, not the FBI, as Senate Democrats have urged in the case of Judge Kavanaugh, to investigate the claims.
"I am taking this step now because I am innocent and eager to see this entire matter resolved,” Ellison said in a statement.
“These allegations have lingered in the public sphere, and remain unsubstantiated," he added.
"I welcome an investigation by the House to allow us to move on."
take our poll - story continues below
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Well, that's not entirely accurate.
We do have a police report, unlike the accusations against Brett Kavanaugh.
Of course, his supporters have hired an attorney to perform an investigation.
The Star Tribune reports:
The Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party has hired attorney Susan Ellingstad to conduct a separate investigation.
Ellingstad is a partner at the firm where attorney Charles Nauen, who represents the DFL, works.
DFL Chairman Ken Martin said on Tuesday that the investigation was finished or close to finished and would be released soon.
Ellison is also deputy chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
After the domestic abuse allegation emerged in August, the DNC said it is looking into what happened.
“All allegations of domestic abuse are disturbing and should be taken seriously.
We are working with the Minnesota state party to review these allegations,” a DNC spokeswoman said in a statement Wednesday morning, declining to comment further.
The Democratic Party’s choice of Ellingstad to conduct the investigation was met with derision from many who said she is not independent, including Donald Trump Jr., who mocked the investigation in a Tweet Wednesday.
The firm Ellingstad works for, Lockridge Grindal Nauen, has a political committee that has donated to both Republican and Democratic candidates, including Ellison, according to Federal Election Commission filings.
The contributions to Democrats outweigh the Republicans by a margin of about four to one.
As we previously reported:
Rep. Keith Ellison, who is currently running for attorney general of Minnesota, is being accused of domestic violence against his former partner Karen Monahan.
Austin Monahan, Karen Monahan’s son, aired the allegations in a Facebook post Saturday night.
According to Austin Monahan, Ellison put his mother through “pure hell.” In the Facebook post, he claims to have seen a video of Ellison dragging Karen Monahan off the bed by her feet while screaming expletives at her.
The alleged incident is just one of several, Austin Monahan warned.
State Rep. Debra Hilstrom (D-Brooklyn Center) was quick to voice her concern over the accusations, calling on Ellison to “answer these allegations.” DFL-endorsed candidate for attorney general of Minnesota Matt Pelikan also reacted to the story, calling the allegations “extremely troubling.” Karen Monahan has also hinted at the alleged abuse on Twitter, telling Ellison that her “kids, job, health, finances, humanity was deeply impacted by the abuse you are well aware of.” Karen Monahan claims she has videos, recordings, and messages to prove her story.
Ellison has admitted the relationship, but is denying the abuse.
And the relationship was clearly real.
Karen Monahan, an organizer with the Sierra Club, was in a relationship with Ellison for years.
The two are seen together in many of her social media posts, including hiking in together national parks and posing with the Obamas at the White House.
Records show she lived in his Minneapolis home before their relationship ended.
Ellison, who was previously married to a different woman, is divorced.
It's hard to know what really happened in a relationship.
And the media has kept it quiet.
"Keith Ellison flatly denies allegation that he abused an ex girlfriend.
The story had been circulating in MN, and not held up under media scrutiny, so no stories ran.
It blew up last night after the ex’s son posted the allegation on Facebook."
Dave Weigel.
It's not quite the first time for Keith X.
This is not the first time Ellison has faced misconduct allegations.
In 2006, a woman named Amy Alexandar claimed that Ellison ostracized her and smeared her name after having an extramarital affair with her in the 1990s and then again in the 2000s.
Ellison in 2005 filed a restraining order against her after what he described as phone and email harassment.
She subsequently tried to get a restraining order against him, which a judge denied, ordering her to stop repeating allegations of an affair or intimidation.
Ellison subsequently agreed to dismiss his restraining order against her if she no longer contacted him.
I'm not sure that this is nothing more than damage control just before the elections.
Ellison won the primary days after the allegations were made public.
Of course, accusations does not make one guilty for Ellison anymore than they do for Judge Kavanaugh.
However, at least in the case of Ellison, at least one of the women were not scared about their reputation and had any political motive to call the police and file a report.
When it comes to Ellison though, we know he is an effeminate pansy who simply does not want to answer to the American people and even seeks security to hide from a female report with a mic and a camera.
Judge Kavanaugh has faced it all and fought back against it.
Foolish Religion Author Gary Wills: ‘The Religion of the Qur’an Is a Religion of Peace’

Outside of specialists and seekers, the only reason why there is general interest in the Qur’an among non-Muslims is to seek an answer to the question of whether or not it justifies and encourages Islamic terrorism.
With What the Qur’an Meant: And Why It Matters, religion author Garry Wills is here to reassure us:
What did the scripture of Islam tell me about the duty to kill infidels?
Some people are sure it is there, though it isn’t.
Then what does it say about Shari’ah law?
Not a thing (p. 7).
That would be good to know, were Wills a reliable witness.
Unfortunately, he proves to be just the opposite: Wills laments “Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch calling for a ban on the Qur’an” (p. 58).
I have never called for such a ban, and oppose in principle the banning of any book.
Wills, not surprisingly, does not offer any quotation from me to back up his false claim.
His manifest unreliability on this point casts a shadow on his primary assertions about the Qur’an.
Wills seems determined to put the best possible face on the Qur’an, which requires him to ignore a great deal of Qur’anic incitement and hatred.
For example, he quotes 5:51 -- “You who believe, do not take the Jews and Christians as allies” (p. 114) -- but he nonetheless concludes, after ten pages of tu quoque arguments and other legerdemain, that “the Qur’an is fraternal in its treatment of other faiths” (p. 124).
Wills never mentions Qur’an 9:29, which commands Muslims to wage war against Jews and Christians and subjugate them as inferiors under the rule of Sharia.
Wills is no more trustworthy when he deals with the question of violence in the Qur’an.
He renders one key passage in this way: “Fight then until there is no more persecution, and worship [at the shrine] is devoted to God” (2:193; p. 133).
Whence the bracketed interpolation “at the shrine”?
Wills doesn’t give any source for it; apparently it comes from none other than Garry Wills himself.
By adding “at the shrine” to this verse, Wills restricts the call to fight to the area around the Sacred Mosque in Mecca.
He ignores the fact that some Islamic authorities see this passage as calling for nothing less than unlimited warfare against non-Muslims.
The prominent Twentieth Century Indian Islamic scholar Muhammad Ashiq Ilahi Bulandshahri explains the passage this way:
The worst of sins are Infidelity ( Kufr) and Polytheism ( shirk) which constitute rebellion against Allah, The Creator.
To eradicate these, Muslims are required to wage war until there exists none of it in the world, and the only religion is that of Allah.
Wills doesn’t mention the existence of such interpretations, even to dismiss them.
Likewise, when he claims that the Qur’an has “not a thing” to say about Sharia, he appears unaware that the Qur’an is one of the sources of Sharia.
The Qur’an’s declarations that a woman’s testimony is worth half that of a man’s (2:282), that a daughter is to receive a smaller part of an inheritance than a son receives (4:11), that thieves are to have their hands amputated (5:38), and that those who “wage war against Allah and his messenger” are to be crucified or have a hand and foot amputated on opposite sides (5:33) are part of Sharia in all its various expressions.
Because these stipulations are found in the Qur’an, they cannot be questioned or set aside.
Throughout his book, Wills’ assurances that the Qur’an is not really as bad as “right-wing Islamophobes” say, or that the Bible contains material that is just as bad or worse, dissolve under close scrutiny.
Again and again it turns out that Wills has ignored key passages in order to make his case.
He asks why the Qur’an is “so ferocious to ‘hypocrites’ and apostates” (p. 124).
Then he offers a quotation from the New Testament Letter to the Hebrews saying that “if we sin again on purpose” there is “only a terrifying judgment to come” (p. 126).
Wills concludes: “The Qur’an is not as absolute as this, because it always leaves room for God’s inexhaustible mercy and forgiveness” (p. 126).
That sounds wonderful, and certainly pleasing to multicultural ears to learn that the Qur’an is more merciful than the New Testament.
Until one realizes that, in his discussion of apostasy in the Qur’an, Wills has omitted all mention of the primary Qur’anic passage on this topic:
take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
They wish you would disbelieve as they disbelieved so you would be alike.
So do not take from among them allies until they emigrate for the cause of Allah.
But if they turn away, then seize them and kill them wherever you find them and take not from among them any ally or helper (4:89).
To “emigrate in the cause of Allah” is to leave one’s home and join up with the Muslims.
This passage envisions some of the disbelievers becoming Muslim, and then turning away again, whereupon the Muslims are told to “kill them wherever you find them.” God’s inexhaustible mercy, indeed.
Wills’ peaceful fantasy Qur’an raises one massive question that the author does not and cannot answer: if the Islamic holy book is really as peaceful and benign as Garry Wills makes it out to be, why do so very many Muslims worldwide misunderstand it?
The Islamic State (ISIS), in its heyday, quoted the Qur’an frequently -- odd behavior if the group actually was ignorant of, indifferent to, or in violation of the book’s core tenets.
ISIS quoted the Qur’an extensively in threats to blow up the White House and conquer Rome and Spain; in explaining its priorities in the nations it is targeting in jihad; in preaching to Christians after collecting the jizya (a Qur’an-based tax, cf.
Qur’an 9:29); in justifying the execution of accused spies; and in its various videos.
ISIS also awarded $10,000 prizes and sex slaves in Qur’an memorization contests.
One of its underground lairs was found littered with weapons and copies of the Qur’an.
Children in the Islamic State study the Qur’an and get weapons training.
One Malaysian Muslim said that the Qur’an led him to join the Islamic State.
A Muslima in the U.S. promoted the Islamic State by quoting the Qur’an.
An Islamic State propagandist’s parents said of him: “Our son is a devout Muslim.
He had learnt the Quran by heart.” A Muslim politician from Jordan said that the Islamic State’s “doctrine stems from the Qur’an and Sunnah.”
How would Garry Wills explain all that?
He can’t; he has just explained all Qur’anic violence and intolerance away, leaving the manifest fact that all too many Muslims worldwide think that the Qur’an says exactly what he claims it does not say an unanswered conundrum.
Wills’ naïve, inaccurate, misleadingly sunny view of the Qur’an, of course, accords with that of his fellow Leftist Catholic, Pope Francis.
Francis has proclaimedpreposterously that “authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence.” Wills’ book accords well with the present-day Catholic Church’s head-in-the-sand posture toward Qur’an-based Islamic jihad violence and the Muslim persecution of the ancient Christian communities of the Middle East.
It isn’t remotely accurate, but it feels good, and for the Catholic and Leftist establishment today, that seems to be all that matters.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Trump Slams “Disgraceful Verdict” After San Francisco Jury Acquits “Kate’s Law”-Victim’s Killer

This article was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge
Update 2 : Just as we suspected, President Trump has tweeted his opinion on this decision…
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case!
No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 1, 2017
Update 1: AP reports that U.S. immigration officials say they will deport the Mexican man found not guilty of murder in San Francisco pier shooting.
* * *
As we detailed earlier, in a verdict that has shocked many in the Bay Area (and across America), a jury of six men and six women in sanctuary city San Francisco found illegal immigrant (and five-time deportee) Jose Ines Garcia Zarate not guilty in the death of Kate Steinle.
Mr. Garcia Zarate had been homeless at the time of the shooting and had multiple felony convictions and five prior deportations to Mexico.
He had been set free from jail only months before the shooting, in defiance of requests by federal immigration authorities, who had asked that he be held longer so he could be deported again.
The backlash to his release into the community crescendoed when Donald Trump invoked Ms. Steinle’s killing as he campaigned for president.
As The New York Times reports, Ms. Steinle’s death in July 2015 fed into a fierce debate over whether immigrants without legal status should be deported more aggressively, and over the role local law enforcement should play.
Ms. Steinle, known as Kate, a 32-year-old medical equipment saleswoman, was walking along Pier 14 in San Francisco when she was struck by a bullet and collapsed into her father’s arms.
Mr. Garcia Zarate acknowledged firing the weapon, but said it was an accident.
Zarate and his defense team maintained the argument that the suspect found the stolen weapon on the pier that day and it “just fired.” The gun belonged to a federal Bureau of Land Management ranger and was stolen from his parked car a week earlier.
The bullet ricocheted on the pier’s concrete walkway before it struck Steinle, killing her.
Zarate has admitted to shooting Steinle, but says it was an accident.
Defense attorney Matt Gonzalez said Garcia Zarate found the gun at the pier… but the stories of what happened copntradicted one another…
He said it was wrapped in cloth, and when Garcia Zarate unwrapped it, the gun accidentally discharged.
But in a police interrogation, Garcia Zarate admitted to firing the gun, saying he was aiming at a seal.
He also told police that he stepped on the gun, causing it to fire.
But still, after six days of deliberation, the illegal Mexcian immigrant was acquitted of murder and manslaughter charges and also found not guilty of assault with a firearm.
Garcia Zarate was found guilty of illegal firearms possession, which carries a sentence of 16 months to three years.
* * *
The public defender wasted no time in focusing his thoughts on President Trump and his administration…saying Zarate was “extremely relieved” by the outcome and that while Steinle’s death “was a horrible tragedy,” it was used as “political fodder for then candidate Donald Trump’s anti-immigration agenda.”
Adachi added, “Despite the unfairly politicized atmosphere surrounding this case, jurors focused on the evidence, which was clear and convincing, and rendered a just verdict.”
In a response to the verdict, Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement saying that despite California’s attempt at a murder conviction, Zarate was able to walk away with only a firearm possession conviction because he was not turned over by San Francisco to ICE.
“When jurisdictions choose to return criminal aliens to the streets rather than turning them over to federal immigration authorities, they put the public’s safety at risk,” the statement said.
“San Francisco’s decision to protect criminal aliens led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle.” Sessions continued, “I urge the leaders of the nation’s communities to reflect on the outcome of this case and consider carefully the harm they are doing to their citizens by refusing to cooperate with federal law enforcement officers.”
Social media erupted with outrage at the verdict (with very few – if any attempting to defend the verdict)…
I don't know any American citizen who is a 5x felon and could get away with killing someone with a stolen gun.
#KateSteinle #KatesLaw #JoseZarate — Ginger (@SpicyMustang) December 1, 2017
I seriously feel like buying my own damn bricks & building this damn wall myself!
So flipping outraged by this unjustice!
#BuildtheWall #KatesLaw — ???Steff???
(@Steffs_tweets) December 1, 2017
May San Francisco rot in hell!
#KatesLaw — Mike (@Bigly45) December 1, 2017
Insist that KATES LAW is passed.
When illegals have more rights and protection than American Citizens.
This MUST STOP!!!!
— Diana Batissa (@DianaBatissa) December 1, 2017
SF city just proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that they dont care if YOU, or others get killed by their policies.
They will continue to shelter illegals and allow them to do as they please and dont care about the innocents hurt by them.
?
SICK!#KateSteinle #KatesLaw — Constitutional-TQN?
(@TechQn) December 1, 2017
If Hillary Clinton were in office, we'd all be in danger.
The #KateSteinle verdict is an endorsement of murder.
There is no way to spin this, there is no defense, today the mask came off.
— Mike Cernovich ??
(@Cernovich) December 1, 2017
And even politically-correct politicians piped in…
Kate Steinle’s murderer not guilty?
This is outrageous!
A great injustice has been done.
No Californian can feel good about their justice system today.
I grieve from the bottom of my heart for the Steinle family who must be personally suffering from this injustice.
— Senator Jim Nielsen (@CASenatorJim) December 1, 2017
We suspect it will not be long before President Trump has something to say about this verdict.
Groups of Migrants Heading to San Diego Will Be Met With Barricades And Razor Fences (Videos)

The Military continues to put up razor wire at the border in San Ysidro as a migrant caravan is expected to reach Tijuana.
United States military and border protection agents have been erecting barricades with razor wire at the point of entry near San Diego, California, as the first groups of migrants arrived at the US-Mexico border.
Hundreds of migrants who had split off from the main ‘caravan’ of thousands arrived in Tijuana early Tuesday on nine buses.
Numbering just over 350, they joined an initial smaller group of around 85 people, mostly members of the LGBT community, who’d experienced discrimination within the main crowd and were helped to make it to the Mexican border town even earlier on Sunday.
Military crews continue to put up razor wire at the border in San Ysidro as a migrant caravan is expected to reach Tijuana.
https://t.co/mQH6eqrBNy pic.twitter.com/4IXGNAfSem — Danielle Radin (@danielleradin) November 13, 2018
Here are the three lanes that were shut down at the San Ysidro port of entry in TJ today in anticipation of the caravan.
There are seven US army members here with CBP at the moment.
Story with @Haleaziz on this https://t.co/SpLVnl3bAT pic.twitter.com/1nGFRNJanJ take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Maybe?
I'm not sure if he should have.
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
— Adolfo Flores (@aflores) November 13, 2018
RT reports:
In anticipation of potential clashes at the border, American soldiers have begun reinforcing their positions.
“Department of Defense personnel are installing concertina wire, and pre-positioning jersey barriers, barricades, and fencing,” US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) said in a statement.
US Marines instal wire along the primary border wall at the port of entry next to Tijuana in San Ysidro, San Diego.🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/aX0bznl2bm — The Real Lonnieღ IV (@lonnieloveiv) November 13, 2018
A snaking line of traffic is visible at the San Ysidro Port of Entry after CBP announced it would close multiple entry lanes into the U.S. at two San Diego-area ports of entry in anticipation of the so-called migrant caravan's arrival.
https://t.co/92mOg1XNqu pic.twitter.com/mrQU6HYAgH — #NBC7 San Diego (@nbcsandiego) November 13, 2018
To tackle any “potential safety and security risk,” the CBP also announced lane closures at the San Ysidro and Otay Mesa ports of entry, to install “port hardening infrastructure equipment” in preparation for the migrant caravan arrival.
Currently, several thousand predominantly male Central American migrants heading for the US are in the western Mexico city of Guadalajara.
Most of them intend to take the Pacific coast route to reach the US, which is still about 1,500 miles away.
A group of migrants is gathered on the Mexico side of the U.S/Mexico border fence in San Diego.
None have fully climbed over, just sitting on the fence.
pic.twitter.com/S8nUzjzKyZ — Kelly Biele (@kellytvnews) November 14, 2018
Photos posted on WhatsApp of the San Ysidro port of entry today.
pic.twitter.com/MzQoN4mbrr — Andrew Dyer 🛴 (@SDUTdyer) November 13, 2018
Troops getting ready to close off three NB vehicle lanes at the San Ysidro Port Entry and one at the Otay Mesa Port of Entry.
They’ll be putting up barriers and razor wire in preparation for the migrant caravan headed to the US/Mexico border.
@10News pic.twitter.com/rc6YsAF5VQ — Mimi Elkalla (@10NewsMimi) November 13, 2018
To deal with the perceived threat the US has deployed 5,200 troops to help more than 2,000 National Guardsmen thwart what President Trump describes as an impending migrant“invasion.”
Over the past few weeks, the active-duty servicemen deployed under Operation Faithful Patriot have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border in Texas, California and Arizona, as well as building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff.
To ensure the success of the military operation, in addition to sheer troop numbers, the US forces have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal.
“Credible Evidence Of A Terrorist Infiltration”: Congressman Says ‘Secret Intel’ Proves ISIS Connection To Las Vegas Massacre

Congress is in possession of ‘secret intel’ that exposes an ISIS connection to the horrific Las Vegas Massacre, according to a surprising claim made by Pennsylvania Congressman Scott Perry.
Appearing on Fox News Tucker Carlson Tonight, Perry described evidence he had personally seen that suggested that some sort of terrorist infiltration aided the Las Vegas Massacre.
One can imagine that said terrorists either helped Paddock or were actually some of the many other shooters reported that night.
“Recently, I have been made aware of what i believe to be credible evidence, credible information, regarding potential terrorist infiltration, through the southern border, regarding this event,” Perry shockingly claimed.
“Let’s face it, twice before the attack ISIS warned the United States that they would attack Las Vegas and then after the attack claimed responsibility four times,” Perry continued.
Keep in mind that this lines up with other alternative media reports regarding the Oct. 1st massacre as well as hints provided in the mainstream media.
We also know that it is a conclusive fact that there was more than one shooter, according to literally dozens of eyewitnesses who have continued to come forward with what they saw that fateful night.
Interestingly, there are also reports that Stephen Paddock’s girlfriend actually deleted her Facebook page an hour before police released her boyfriends name.
Infowars reports:
Hungary's Orban calls for global anti-migrant alliance with eye on 2018 elections

(Fixes dateline)
* PM Orban faces elections on April 8, leads all polls
* Migration has been Orban's defining theme since 2015
* Says will counter globalism alongside U.S., UK, Israel
By Marton Dunai
BUDAPEST, Feb 18 (Reuters) - Hungarian leader Viktor Orban called on Sunday for a global alliance against migration as his right-wing populist Fidesz party began campaigning for an April 8 election in which it is expected to win a third consecutive landslide victory.
Popular at home but increasingly at odds politically and economically with mainstream European Union peers, Orban has thrived on external controversy, including repeated clashes with Brussels and lately the United Nations.
Those conflicts, mostly centred on migration since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015, have intensified as the elections approach and Orban poses as a saviour of Europe's Christian nations.
"Christianity is Europe's last hope," Orban told an audience of party faithful at the foot of the Royal Castle in Budapest.
With mass immigration, especially from Africa, "our worst nightmares can come true.
The West falls as it fails to see Europe being overrun."
Orban is widely credited for reversing an economic slump in Hungary and controlling its public finances, culminating in a return to investment-grade for its debt, which was cut to 'junk' during the 2008 global economic crisis.
To achieve that and hold onto power the prime minister, 54, has used methods that critics have called authoritarian, and picked fights with EU partners, especially in the West.
Eastern leaders, most notably in Poland, have followed his lead.
But migration dominates his agenda now.
Orban said on Sunday that Europe faces a critical fissure between nation states of the East and the West, which he called an "immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in a direction different from ours".
As the West wants eastern Europe to follow its lead, an increasingly vicious struggle was likely, he said, alluding to a plan to redraw the European alliance advocated by the leaders of France and Germany.
"Absurd as it may sound the danger we face comes from the West, from politicians in Brussels, Berlin and Paris," Orban said to loud applause.
"Of course we will fight, and use ever stronger legal tools.
The first is our 'Stop Soros' law."
Orban has for years targeted Hungarian-born U.S. financier George Soros, whose philanthropy aims to bolster liberal and open-border values -- anathema to Orban, an advocate of a loose group of strong nation states that reject multiculturalism.
The Hungarian leader has advocated "ethnic homogeneity" and compared Soros, a Jew, to a puppet master unleashing immigration onto Europe to undermine its cultural and economic integrity.
A defining moment of his premiership came in 2015, as the migrant crisis peaked: he built a double razor wire fence that became the symbol of anti-migrant sentiment in Europe.
Orban also said the Hungarian opposition had failed to heed the call of history when it opposed his toughness on migrants.
Voters have responded favourably and Orban is a clear leader of all polls.
POWERFUL ALLIES
Orban has conflated the issue of immigration with the image of Soros, 87, whose name was used in a tough anti-migrant bill sent to Parliament on Wednesday.
Soros, for his part, compared Orban unfavourably to both the Nazis and the Communists, saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's -- when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany -- and was more oppressive than Cold War Soviet occupation.
Orban has tightened the screws on non-government organisations, particularly ones funded by Soros, and attempted to close a prominent Soros-founded university.
Attributing to Soros a recent United Nations plan on creating a global blueprint to handle the migration crisis, Orban said he anticipated that powerful allies would help him prevent the U.N. from greasing the wheels of migration.
"Soros has antagonised not only us but also England, President Trump and Israel too," he said.
"Everywhere he wants to get migration accepted.
It won't work.
We are not alone and we will fight together ... and we will succeed."
In Europe, he cited as allies Hungary's fellow Visegrad countries Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Poland, whose ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party is also often at loggerheads with the EU.
He said a victory for Silvio Berlusconi's party in Italy's March 4 election would strengthen the nationalist fold.
"We don't think the fight is hopeless, on the contrary, we are winning," Orban said.
"The V4 is firm, Croatia has come around, Austria has turned in the patriotic direction, and in Bavaria the CSU has created a resistance."
(Reporting by Marton Dunai; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
President Donald Trump Proposes "Simple Immigration Plan": Illegals Have To Go!

On Monday, President Donald Trump proposed what he sees as an ideal immigration plan during a meeting with the King and Queen of Jordan at the White House.
“We want a system where when people come in illegally, they have to go out,” Trump told reporters.
“A nice simple system that works.”
Trump said that the system that Mexico uses to deal with illegals by holding them a few hours and then sending them away is preferable to how the long, drawn out process in the united States is conducted.
take our poll - story continues below
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Email *
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
I completely agree.
In fact, I've often said if we catch people close to the border, we should not even bring them into the system if they are not citizens, but walk them back over the border and make sure they keep walking.
Often, by putting illegals into the system, it takes years to deport them, which costs the American people lots of money.
That system would require more judges to handle more illegals and Trump ripped the calls for more judges in favor of a more "simple immigration plan."
“We want strong borders and we want no crime,” Trump said.
“The Democrats want open borders and they don’t care about crime.”
Trump then called on Congress to correct the problems created by legislation with more legislation.
“The laws are obsolete, the laws are horrible, having to do with the border, both in terms of security and in terms of taking care of people,” he said.
“We want children staying together,” Trump said, blasting the New York Times report that said he didn't really want to sign his executive order last week that would keep families together in detention while they awaited the judicial process.
Of course, Trump has inherited a problem that has existed for several administrations, both Republican and Democrat, for decades.
It is time that Congress sure up things so that America's tax dollars are not bound up in a worthless judicial process when people are clearly in the country illegally.
Sadly, too many people want more amnesty which begs the question if any of them take the law seriously in the first place.
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
White House Outlines Code Of Conduct For White House Press - If Those Don't Work, They'll Be Forced To Write More

For any constitutionalist, the ruling by Trump-appointed Judge Timothy J. Kelly was nothing but surreal, and honestly, he should be impeached over his frivolous ruling that demanded the White House reinstate CNN reporter Jim Acosta's press pass.
However, the White House has decided to comply, which I wonder just how dangerous a precedent this sets, and as a result, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has issued a code of conduct for the White House press.
We have created these rules with a degree of regret,” Sanders said in a statement.
The fact that the White House submitted to such a ridiculous demand when it is simple human decency to conduct one's self in a proper manner, unlike how Jim Acosta treated both Sarah Sanders, President Donald Trump and a White House aide, is a testimony to how little those who represent us know of our Constitution.
take our poll - story continues below
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Maybe?
I'm not sure if he should have.
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
“We would have greatly preferred to continue hosting White House press conferences in reliance on a set of understood professional norms, and we believe the overwhelming majority of journalists covering the White House share that preference,” Sanders said.
“But, given the position taken by CNN, we now feel obligated to replace previously shared practices with explicit rules.”
Oh, but there's more.
If journalists can't conduct themselves according to these rules, then there is no other option but to.... write more explicit rules!
Seriously!
“At this time, however, we have decided not to frame such rules in the hope that professional journalistic norms will suffice to regulate conduct in those places,” Sanders said.
“If unprofessional behavior occurs in those settings, or if a court should decide that explicit rules are required to regulate conduct there, we will be forced to reconsider this decision.”
The White House should be telling Judge Kelly where he can take his ruling, but they are trying to look like they are on the high ground while submitting to unconstitutional rulings from a federal judge who should know better.
However, here are the new rules released by the White House Press Office.
(1) A journalist called upon to ask a question will ask a single question and then will yield the floor to other journalists; (2) At the discretion of the President or other White House official taking questions, a follow-up question or questions may be permitted; and where a follow up has been allowed and asked, the questioner will then yield the floor; (3) “Yielding the floor” includes, when applicable, physically surrendering the microphone to White House staff for use by the next questioner; (4) Failure to abide by any of rules (1)-(3) may result in suspension or revocation of the journalist’s hard pass.
I can see this going way downhill.
If you want to deal with people like Acosta, at the moment they begin to show who and what they really are, stop calling on them for questions.
This is my advice to the White House.
Don't call on Jim Acosta another time for as long as he remains in the White House Press.
Make him regret it the entire time he is there.
Apparently, They Think We are Fools

As Pope Francis continues his five-year-long tirade against the imaginary Catholic Pharisees who defend the Church’s teaching on the indissolubility of marriage and the integrally related Eucharistic discipline—he is still at it as of yesterday (January 9)—he and his collaborators are busily engineering neo-Pharisaical escape hatches from the negative precepts of the divine and natural law emanating from the Sixth Commandment.
Determined to quell any Catholic opposition to his moral subversion, Francis has slapped the label Authentic Magisterium® on his outrageous opinion that in “complex circumstances” wherein it is not “feasible” to live as brother and sister, two people who are not married can be admitted to Holy Communion without ceasing extra-marital sexual relations so long as they engage in an ill-defined “process of discernment.” As Father Brian Harrison has so trenchantly observed, this means that people embroiled in adultery can receive Holy Communion while they “discern” that they should not be receiving Holy Communion because they are embroiled in adultery.
Do they think we are fools?
Then there is the endlessly double-talking Cardinal Müller.
In a recent interview concerning Rocco Buttiglione’s verbal contortions aimed at demonstrating that the administration of Holy Communion to public adulterers is consistent with the Church’s bimillenial prohibition of precisely that, Müller proposed this preposterous “solution” to a “problem” that does not exist:
It is possible that the penitent may be convinced in conscience, and with good reasons, of the invalidity of the first marriage even though they cannot offer canonical proof.
In this case the marriage valid before God would be the second one and the pastor could grant the sacrament, certainly with the appropriate precautions as not to scandalize the community of the faithful and not to weaken the conviction of marriage indissolubility.
The Cardinal knows this is moral and canonical nonsense.
No Catholic, whether or not he consults a priest, can declare for himself that his marriage in the Church was invalid, especially when—indeed because—he lacks canonical proof of invalidity.
Moreover, absent an annulment granted by the competent Church tribunal, a purported “second marriage” can only be an invalid civil ceremony and thus a thinly disguised form of continuous public adultery.
Cardinal Burke, whom Francis sacked as head of the Church’s highest tribunal because he was a major impediment to the conspiracy culminating in Amoris Laetitia (AL), has observed the obvious in this regard:
Such cases do not exist.
No priest has the authority to declare a marriage null in the internal forum.
Marriage is a public state in the Church, and the judgment regarding an accusation of nullity of marriage must be made in accord with the long practice of the Church.
If a college of judges in a matrimonial tribunal is not able to arrive at moral certitude regarding the nullity of a marriage after a careful and thorough examination of the petition of nullity, how can an individual priest be capable of making such a judgment having to do with the eternal salvation of the soul in question?
The only case in which a priest could admit a person living in an irregular matrimonial union to receive the Sacraments of Penance and Holy Eucharist is the case of a couple who agree to live “as brother and sister”, that is to respect the marriage to which they are bound by not living in a marital way with another person.
Even then, the priest would have to insist that the couple living in continence receive the Sacraments in a place in which they are not well known, lest other faithful be led to believe that persons living in an irregular matrimonial union may receive the Sacraments.
Does Cardinal Müller think we are fools?
Some of us apparently are, or at least are willing to serve as knowing dupes by defending neo-Pharisaical sophistry that would produce “a discipline alien to the entire Tradition of the Catholic and Apostolic faith.”
Apparently, they think they can fool us in the next phase of the program of moral subversion that this incredible Pope seriously expects us to believe is an imperative of “mercy”: the justification of contraception in “complex cases” to which “discernment” must be applied.
Consider the recent declaration by one of Francis’s new appointments to the Pontifical Academy for Life, whose entire membership he sacked and whose constitution he ordered rewritten to neutralize it.
In a lecture at the Gregorian, one Father Maurizio Chiodi, a “moral theologian” of the post-Vatican II variety, proposed that “an artificial method for the regulation of births could be recognized as anact of responsibilitythat is carried out, not in order to radically reject the gift of a child, but because in those situationsresponsibility calls the couple and the family to other forms of welcome and hospitality.”
That is, Francis’s man at the reconstituted Pontifical Academy declares openly that there is a duty to contracept!
Chiodi’s sole “authority” for this lie from the pit of hell is nothing more than Chapter 8 of AL, the only document of its kind in the entire history of the Church.
AL will doubtless be providing cover for a whole new line of Authentic Magisterium® products, all of which will be utter fakes, including some form of “pastoral integration” of homosexual unions.
Evidently, they do think we are fools or willing to play the fool in exchange for the benefits of respectable conformity in the midst of an unparalleled debacle for the Church.
(Consider the example of Catholic Answers, which “defends the Faith” while refusing to recognize that it is under ferocious attack from the very vertices of the Church.
Silence at best is the price it must pay for remaining in good standing with the pro-homosexual bishop Francis has installed in San Diego.)
But we are not fools.
And God will not be mocked.
Francis and all his designs will ultimately come to nothing.
Meanwhile, ours is but to keep the Faith and protest before God and man the blows now raining down against the Church, even when they come from a wayward Roman Pontiff at her summit.
Indeed, especially then.
Muslim Cleric: “There Were Jews In Islamic Countries & Caliphates, But We Never Killed Them Just For Being Jews”

When he says that Muslims never killed Jews just for being Jews, he is lying, and relying on the historical ignorance of his audience.
In my new book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , I detail many instances in which Muslims did exactly that.
In 1013, Berbers from North Africa entered Spain and took Córdoba in 1013, they began massacring Jews, and initiated a wholesale slaughter of Jews in Granada.
And again in 1066, rioting Muslims, enraged by the humiliation of a Jew who had been appointed to rule over Muslims, murdered four thousand Jews in Granada.
take our poll - story continues below
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The twelfth-century Muslim historian Ibn Baydhaq detailed how the Almohads treated the Jews as they advanced:
Abd al-Mumin…the leader of the Almohads after the death of Muhammad ibn Tumart the Mahdi…captured Tlemcen [in the Maghreb] and killed all those who were in it, including the Jews, except those who embraced Islam….
[In Sijilmasa] one hundred and fifty persons were killed for clinging to their [Jewish] faith….
All the cities in the Almoravid state were conquered by the Almohads.
One hundred thousand persons were killed in Fez on that occasion, and 120,000 in Marrakesh.
The Jews in all [Maghreb] localities [conquered]…groaned under the heavy yoke of the Almohads; many had been killed, many others converted; none were able to appear in public as Jews.
Don’t allow yourself to be deceived by the likes of Jihad Al-‘Ayesh.
Preorder The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS.
"Kuwaiti Cleric Sheikh Jihad Al-‘Ayesh Denies the Holocaust and the Existence of Gas Chambers: How Big a Bakery Would You Need to Make 50,000 Loaves of Bread?,” MEMRI, May 26, 2018:
Kuwaiti cleric Sheikh Jihad Al-‘Ayesh delivered a speech in which he said that the figure of six million Jews killed in the Holocaust was a “historical lie,” but that Hitler “knew the truth about the Jews” and therefore began “tormenting and persecuting them.” “The Jews were banished, tortured and annihilated because of their deeds.
They were not banished for being Jews,” he said.
In an effort to dispute the existence of gas chambers at Auschwitz, Sheikh Al-‘Ayesh, who heads the Bait Al-Maqdis Documentary Studies Center, drew the following analogy: “Imagine that you want to build a bakery.
What size of bakery would you need to make 10,000 loaves of bread?… What if you wanted to make 50,000 loaves of bread an hour?
You would need a larger bakery.
How many ovens would you need to burn six million human beings?” Sheikh Al-‘Ayesh’s posted his address on his personal YouTube channel on May 26.
The video was also posted on the Facebook account of Bait Al-Maqdis Documentary Studies Center.
Following is a transcript: Jihad Al-‘Ayesh: “Some people have shown up with a new fashion.
We used to think that fashion has to do with haircuts, clothes, or lifestyle, but the vogue today is to sympathize with the Jews and to shed crocodile tears about their sorrows, their heresy, and their historical lies.
This is, indeed, a new fashion.
Some esteemed people shed tears about what the Jews call ‘the Holocaust.’ […] “Did the Nazi annihilation – the Holocaust – target only the Jews?
Anybody?
The Jews claim that it happened to them alone and that the number of Jews who died in that Holocaust was six million.
What we have here are historical errors.
First of all, the figure of six million is a historical lie.
In addition, claiming that it happened to the Jews alone excludes the non-Jews who were tortured by Hitler.
So was it annihilation?
Yes, it was.
Who did Hitler annihilate?
He annihilated a group of races and people, some of whom were even German.
Hitler annihilated 400,000 Germans who were handicapped or suffered from chronic diseases.
Hitler did not annihilate the Jews only.
[…] “Hitler was not the first in the West to perpetrate a genocide.
Inhuman and criminal annihilation runs in the veins of many in the West.
Hitler embodies one type of modern Western annihilation.
When the Americans occupied the republics of the Indians, they annihilated millions of human beings.
It is said that they annihilated 50-100 hundred million, but nobody ever mentions this.
[…] “Was there annihilation?
Yes.
Many races were annihilated.
The Auschwitz camp, which is in southern Poland, was a major and exceptional camp for detention, torture, and forced labor.
Many people were tortured and were starved to death there.
[…] “The Jews were banished, tortured, and annihilated because of their deeds.
They were not banished for being Jews.
There were Jews in the Islamic countries and caliphates as well, but we never killed them just for being Jews.
No, it never happened.
Hitler and the Nazi state knew the truth about the Jews, and therefore, they began tormenting and persecuting them.
[…] “That is when the Final Solution began.
The Nazis called it the ‘Final Solution’ of the Jews.
When we say ‘Final Solution,’ we realize that many of the terms used by the Zionist state constitute Nazi terms, ideas, and notions.
It is as if they are two faces of the same coin.
[…] “Since Germany and Europe did not want the Jews, the Nazis came up with the idea of sending the Jews to another country.
The Nazis suggested Madagascar, Ecuador, or an Arab country – Syria.
But after a while, the Nazis discovered that there were groups of Jews calling for the establishment of a state.
They were calling for a Zionist state.
That is when the idea of deporting the Jews to Palestine arose….
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Ex-Sailor Pardoned By Trump Says He’s SUING Obama And Comey

A former Navy sailor, who is one of five people to receive a pardon from President Donald Trump, is planning to file a lawsuit against Obama administration officials.
Kristian Saucier, who served a year in federal prison for taking photos of classified sections of the submarine on which he worked, says he was subject to unequal protection of the law.
Saucier said that he realizes he had erred in taking the photos, which he said he wanted to show only to his family to show them where he worked.
He has also lashed out at Obama officials, saying that his prosecution was politically motivated, prompted by sensitivity about classified information amid the scandal involving Clinton’s emails.
According to Fox News, Saucier argues that the same officials who sought out punishment to Saucier for his actions chose to be lenient with Hillary Clinton in her use of a private email server and mishandling of classified information.
Saucier’s lawyer, Ronald Daigle, told Fox News on Monday that the lawsuit, which he expects to file soon in Manhattan, will name the U.S. Department of Justice, former FBI Director James Comey and former President Barack Obama as defendants, among others.
Saucier, who lives in Vermont, pleaded guilty in 2016 to taking photos inside the USS Alexandria while it was stationed in Groton, Connecticut, in 2009.
He said he only wanted service mementos, but federal prosecutors argued he was a disgruntled sailor who had put national security at risk by taking photos showing the submarine’s propulsion system and reactor compartment and then obstructed justice by destroying a laptop and camera.
–Fox News
“They interpreted the law in my case to say it was criminal,” Saucier told Fox News, referring to prosecuting authorities in his case, “but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton.
Hillary is still walking free.
Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals.
We want them to correct the wrong.” Daigle said that a notice about the pending lawsuit was sent to the Department of Justice and others included in it in December.
There is usually a six-month period that must elapse before the lawsuit actually is actually filed.
“My case was usually something handled by military courts,” he said.
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,” he continued, alleging his life was ruined for political reasons.
“With a pardon, there’s no magic wand that gets waved and makes everything right,” Saucier said, “But I try to stay positive and look forward.” Saucier has had cars repossessed and is in debt due to the loss of income after having a felony on his record.
The government actively destroyed his life an made it all but impossible for his family to get back on track.
But Hillary Clinton is running around free, to this day.
And that is what Saucier is so burnt about, with good reason.
Stop Appeasing the Democrats

Bruce Thornton is a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center.
From the playground to geopolitics, appeasing an aggressor invites only more aggression.
This timeless truth of human nature is one that we moderns can’t seem to accept.
We reflexively assume that a rational accommodation or concessions will be reciprocated by those proven to be ready to use any means necessary to achieve their aims, no matter how amoral, unfair, or vicious.
Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearings for the Supreme Court illustrate that this false assumption leads only to more demands, and ultimately to defeat.
The last-minute accusations from Christine Blasey Ford, a woman who claims that decades ago Kavanaugh groped her at a high school party, and Deborah Ramirez, who accused Kavanaugh of exposing himself to her at a frat party at Yale, are transparent acts of aggression against the judge and Republicans, one engineered by the Democrats.
Senator Dianne Feinstein sat for months on Ford’s letter and then––just as the Dems did in 1991with Anita Hill’s charges of sexual harassment against Clarence Thomas’s during his hearings––released it only when Kavanaugh appeared to be heading for confirmation.
Feinstein still hasn’t given the Judiciary Committee an unredacted copy of the letter.
A few weeks after Ford went public, and after Kavanaugh said he had dairies from that summer detailing his whereabouts, The New Yorker published Ramirez’s account of a drunken party filled with obscene drinking games where he exposed himself to Ramirez.
Given that the Democrats had made public in advance their intention to derail the hearings and confirmation by any means possible, the timing of both sexual assault charges reeks of premeditated contrivance intended to delay confirmation as long as possible.
But in the face of this naked ploy to bork Kavanaugh and derail the confirmation process for partisan advantage, the Republicans seem to be reverting to their customary preemptive cringe.
All the Dems have to do is squeal “sexism” and Republicans start negotiating and offering concessions.
Of course, after each concession comes another demand.
First the Dems demanded that Ford, a long-time Democrat activist, “be heard.” So last week the Chairman of Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley, granted another deadline extension for Ford to decide whether to testify before the Committee on Monday.
Senator Dianne Feinstein calls these concessions “bullying deadlines.” As Feinstein put it, “Show some heart.
Wait until Dr. Ford feels that she can come before the committee.” Ford doesn’t “feel” like she can testify on Monday because she’s afraid of flying, despite offers from the Committee to travel to her in California.
Then she feared for her life because of death threats ––threats also made to Kavanaugh, his wife and two young daughters–– so she now demands enhanced security measures.
The Committee caved and moved the date to Thursday.
So of course, Grassley having been intimidated into giving Ford a chance to address the Committee, Ramirez and her handlers are now demanding the same privilege.
“Creepy Lawyer” for porn star Stormy Daniels claims to represent a woman who also should be allowed to testify to the Senate Committee about Kavanaugh’s partying habits while at Yale.
We’ll have to see whether Grassley can find the stomach to put an end to the farce of allowing unsubstantiated charges from Democrat activists to waste the Committee’s time.
Ford and Dianne Feinstein also keep demanding an FBI investigation, even though no federal crime is being alleged, and any investigation 36 years after the offense is impossible.
Ford can’t remember where and when the alleged assault took place, nor how she got to or went home from the party where it allegedly occurred.
Her own details of the event don’t jibe (Four boys or three?
One girl or two?).
She told no one about the assault until 30 years later.
A “lifelong friend” whom Ford claims was at the party has denied any knowledge of the it, and says she’s never met Kavanaugh.
Another friend who reported that the school was abuzz with gossip about the attack (which apparently took place during summer break), retracted her statement.
The two men Ford named as possible witnesses to the assault have contradicter her claims under oath.
And the accused Judge Kavanaugh also under oath vehemently denies the charges.
Given that 36 years have passed since the incident, and the accuser’s memory is so hazy and short on coherent details, the FBI has nothing to investigate.
Ramirez’s charge is even flimsier.
Here’s a catalogue from the Daily Wire:
1.
The New Yorker could not find a single witness who could put Kavanaugh at the alleged party.
2.
The New York Times could not find a single person who could corroborate Ramirez’s claims.
3.
The man accused of egging on Kavanaugh denied Ramirez's allegations and vouched for Kavanaugh’s character.
4.
A third person that Ramirez claimed was at the party says she was not there for the alleged incident.
5.
Ramirez contacted her former classmates, asking about the incident, and admitted she was not sure that Kavanaugh was the male who exposed himself.
6.
A woman who claims she was “best friends” with Ramirez says Ramirez never mentioned the story and initially said her friend's accusations against Kavanaugh might be “politically motivated.”
7.
Ramirez, just like Christine Blasey Ford, is a registered Democrat and is dedicated to leftist causes.
8.
Ramirez wasn’t even sure her memory was correct — until she spent six days going over it with her Democrat lawyer.
9.
Ramirez admits there are holes in her memory due to how much she drank at the party.
10.
People who knew Ramirez after her time at Yale say that she never once mentioned the incident — until Kavanaugh's nomination was pending.
No law enforcement agency, let alone the FBI, would waste its time with an allegation of a crime decades in the past, and so patently incoherent and lacking in evidence.
The “FBI investigation” is another delaying tactic.
Ford has finally agreed to testify, set for Thursday for now.
But it’s unclear whether Grassley has granted Ford any of her preposterous conditions for testifying: She will take questions from the Committee, but not from outside lawyers, who might not be as gentle as politicians with one eye on the polls.
Only one camera can be in the room.
Kavanaugh must testify first, a grotesque inversion of our bedrock principle that an accused has the right to confront his accuser’s charges.
He can’t be in the room with her, apparently because she’s still traumatized and may start experiencing flashbacks.
So much for “I am woman, hear me roar.”
Grassley shouldn’t cave on these conditions.
They all comprise the old tactic of serially escalating demands that cannot be satisfied in order to compel your enemy to give in.
That Grassley and the Republicans would even participate in this absurd show trial is testimony to how deeply the progressive ideological narrative has burrowed into our social and political life.
If Ford actually testifies on Thursday, or Ramirez is granted the same concession, nothing material will be gained.
Her accusation will not be proved true or false.
We will learn nothing about Kavanaugh that makes him any less eminently qualified for the Supreme Court, nothing that can add to the thousands of pages of documents already presented to the Committee, or the hundreds of hours of the judge’s testimony before rabid partisans and office-seekers.
But vetting Kavanaugh’s qualifications isn’t the point.
The point is to delay confirmation by slandering Kavanaugh and baiting the Republicans into appearing to abuse victims of sexual assault.
Why?
Facing his likely confirmation, the Dems, egged on by the mainstream media––especially The New Yorker, which published a story too badly sourced even for The New York Times–– are desperately attempting to obstruct and delay the process until after the midterm elections, when they hope they will retake the Senate and thus stop any more Constitutionalist judges from being confirmed to the Court for the rest of Trump’s term.
The Democrats have stooped so low with these smears because they know the stakes.
The courts and especially the Supreme Court have been critical to the progressives’ program since Woodrow Wilson.
The biggest obstacle to the progressive dream of government controlled and managed by a technocratic oligarchy has been the Constitution.
Its divided and balanced powers were designed precisely to rein in overreaching ambition and concentrations of power.
Hence the Constitutional order must be subverted by the Supreme Court and its unaccountable justices enjoying lifelong tenure.
But if Kavanaugh is confirmed, there will be five reliably Constitutionalist justices on the bench, who are unlikely to tolerate judicial usurpation of Congress’s law-making powers.
That’s why this current nomination is a hill the Dems are willing to beclown themselves on.
Given how obviously partisan and hypocritical this ploy is––doesn’t Keith Ellison’s accuser deserve to be heard and believed too?
––why has Grassley so far allowed himself to be played by the Dems?
Because Republicans fear the backlash from all those women voters who presumably agree with the fundamentalist feminists, and insist that every accusation of sexual assault, no matter how much it’s unsupported by corroborating evidence or even plausibility, must be believed.
This contention itself is an expression of the radical feminist narrative of innate male feral sexuality that makes them sexual predators.
The irony is that today’s feminists have been willing to sacrifice the earlier narrative of female power and agency that had been stifled by traditional views of the sexes and their capabilities.
Instead, now women are Victorian hothouse flowers too delicate to make their way through their lives without the paternal federal government protecting them with its coercive power.
Women have exchanged one form of dependence, and one double standard for another.
The Dems are using Ford and Ramirez as part of the Democrats’ transparently dishonest delaying tactics because they know that most Republicans have accepted this duplicitous feminist narrative and fear challenging it.
Especially after the recent spate of sexual assault charges––many of them true, some false, others contested–– politicians consider bucking the narrative to be as politically suicidal as proposing to reform Social Security and Medicare.
It’s the new third rail of American politics, one that transcends party affiliation.
Hence the widespread virtue-signaling on the part even of conservative writers who preface their comments about Ford and Ramirez with prologues full of truisms about how horrible sexual assault is, how its self-proclaimed victims “must be heard,” and how churlish and sexist it is to question the truth of any charge.
Grown-ups know all that and don’t have to be reminded every time the subject arises.
The Dems know that most Republicans come to this conflict with the huge disadvantage that results from accepting your opponent’s dubious ideology and dishonest narrative.
The progressive party can dare the Republicans to ignore the endless specious demands, stop the show-trial, and proceed to a vote on Kavanaugh, because they know the Republicans, fearful of the “optics,” will cave.
They know that the eleven male Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee dread the #MeToo movement casting them as knuckle-dragging Neanderthal sexists who want to “silence” the accuser with their “cavalier treatment of a sexual assault survivor,” as one Ford lawyer has said.
Republicans still don’t get that no amount of appeasement will stop the left from demonizing them anyway.
Just ask Boy Scout Mitt Romney, who was savaged for his innocuous “binders full of women.”
And don’t forget, the old sorta, kinda moderate Democrats like Feinstein and Chuck Schumer, who now have joined the crowd of trendoid socialists armed with torches and pitch-forks, will go along because they’re frightened of their party’s increasingly rabid left-wing base.
What can we do to end these confirmation circuses?
Just stop holding them.
There’s nothing in the Constitution that says the Senate’s power to give “advice and consent” to the president regarding his nominee must entail days of televised hearings replete with caterwauling protestors and grandstanding Senators who’ve already made-up their minds.
Invite written questions from the Senate, then schedule one day for the nominee to respond.
Don’t put it on television, but make public a written transcript.
Remove the television cameras, and attention-craving, politically ambitious Senators will be gone like a cool breeze.
For now, Grassley needs to end this farce if Ford doesn’t show up on Thursday or continues to negotiate for more delays and concessions.
No more concessions.
No more delays.
No more ceding control of the process to Democrat Party lawyers.
Don’t give Ramirez the time of day.
Hold the vote no later than Thursday, or Friday if Ford does show up.
Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November.
Put to the test the Dems’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly.
To borrow Churchill’s definition of appeasement, stop feeding the alligator in the hopes that you will be eaten last.
For fifty years the Democrats have proven they will demonize conservatives as racist and sexist no matter how often they bow and scrape.
How about acting on principle for a change and shoot the alligator.
Imam Whose Son Was Training School Shooters Blasts Reporters On New Mexico Compound: “They Hate Islam”

It’s noteworthy that AP would carry this story at all; certainly, neither AP nor the rest of the establishment media is ever so solicitous of those whom they smear as “anti-Muslim” to allow us to tell our side of the story.
But the imam Siraj Wahhaj is here engaging in some “war is deceit” action.
His son was on the radar of counterterror officials for 13 years on suspicion of jihad activity.
He was training school shooters.
But of course, it’s all because of journalists who supposedly hate Islam and Muslims.
Ever the victim.
take our poll - story continues below
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
No, he will not be confirmed.
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
“The Latest: Compound incident called anti-Muslim propaganda,” Associated Press, August 10, 2018 (thanks to the Geller Report):
TAOS, N.M. (AP) — The Latest on 11 children found living in a filthy, makeshift compound in New Mexico (all times local): 4 p.m. A representative of a New York mosque says the raid of a ramshackle compound in New Mexico is being used as propaganda against Muslims.
Ali Abdul-Karim Judan, a spokesman for the mosque, said in a video posted Thursday on Facebook that the incident was a domestic situation that has nothing to do with extremism.
The grandfather of a severely disabled boy, who authorities say was kidnapped by his father and taken to the compound, has said remains found there are those of his grandson.
The man is an imam at the New York mosque.
Judan also cast doubt on a contention by prosecutors that children found at the site were being trained to use assault rifles in preparation for school shootings.
He said authorities should not have made that claim without stronger evidence.
The mosque has attracted radicals over the years, including a man who later helped bomb the World Trade Center in 1993….
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
The Brennan-Rosenstein-Mueller–Comey-Presstitute

Russiagate is an orchestration.
It is the response of the military/security complex to Donald Trump’s presidential campaign statement that he intended to normalize relations with Russia.
Trump recognized that the extreme Russiaphobia, which the hegemonic neoconservatives had whipped up since Vladimir Putin’s statement at the Munich Security Conference in 2007 that Russia was a sovereign country and intended to act like one, was a threat to life on earth.
The neoconservatives, who have controlled US foreign policy since the Clinton regime, are unwilling to accept limitations by any other country on Washington’s ability to act unilaterally.
When Putin blocked the Obama regime’s invasion of Syria and bombing of Iran, the neoconservatives paid Putin back by using NGOs and Ukranian politicians financed by Washington to overthrow the democratically elected government of Ukraine and to put in office a government hostile to Russia.
The intent was to use Ukraine, a Russian province for more than three centuries, to create problems for Russia that would absorb Russia’s attention and return a free hand to Washington and Israel in the Middle East and also to evict Russia from its Black Sea naval base in Crimea.
When Crimeans voted to reunite with Russia, Washington misrepresented the democratic result of self-determination as a “Russian invasion and annexation of Crimea.” Such an extraordinary misrepresentation destroyed any remaining confidence the Russian government might have had in Washington’s veracity.
The Neoconservative Th... Dr. Paul Craig Roberts Best Price: $11.96 Buy New $19.34 (as of 10:15 EDT - Details) From here relations between the two nuclear powers deteriorated rapidly.
As I and Stephen Cohen have emphasized, the danger of nuclear war is today far higher than ever during the long Cold War as there is today no trust whatsoever between the two governments.
Donald Trump is totally correct that nuclear war would be a terminable event and that nothing is more important than restoring a cooperative and mutually respectful relationship between the US and Russia.
The problem is that the military/security complex sees it differently.
After 70 years of entrenchment the military/security complex is an independent political force.
President Eisenhower warned the American people about this likely outcome in 1961 to no avail.
From the standpoint of the military/security complex, the problem of normalizing relations with Russia is that it downgrades the “Russian threat” that is so essential to the $1,000 billion annual budget of the military/security complex and the power that such a massive budget conveys.
Only 16 countries in the world out of 195 countries have a GDP greater than $1,000 billion.
The military/security complex is large enough to be a member of the G-20 and to have its own currency and military.
Obama’s CIA director, John Brennan, quickly organized the Russiagate conspiracy against Trump.
Comey, Rosenstein, Clapper, Mueller, McCabe, Peter Strzok and others were, and are, apparently implicated as active participants in orchestrating an alleged collusion between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin to steal the US presidential election.
Based on deception of the FISA Court, warrants were illegally obtained that became the basis for appointing Mueller as a special prosecutor to construct by whatever means possible a case against President Trump.
After two years the only evidence we have of Russiagate is that it is a conspiracy against President Trump and the American people.
Indeed, Mueller, fully aware that there was no Trump-Putin conspiracy, has not bothered to look for any evidence as there can be no evidence of something that did not happen.
He pulled out of a hat some phony and meaningless indictments of some Russians in order to make it look like there was a conspiracy without having to prove it, but his main focus has been on framing Paul Manafort.
Mueller’s investigation of Manafort has nothing to do with the Russiagate story line.
Manafort’s alleged crimes are far outside Mueller’s mandate and took place, if they did, years before the alleged events of Russiagate.
Manafort’s conviction by a jury on 8 of the 18 counts is being misrepresented by the Trump-hating presstitutes as vindication of the Russiagate investigation and as “A dark day for Trump,” with the presstitutes suggesting a Watergate parallel that will force Trump from office.
Manafort was found guilty not of Russiagate, but of income tax evasion and misrepresenting his financial position on a loan application.
We do not know if Manafort is guilty or is simply a victim of Mueller’s frameup and an incompetent jury.
American juries are notoriously incompetent, which is why 97% of felony indictments are settled with a plea bargain.
Even the innocent had rather work out a plea arrangement and admit to something that they did not do than to face an insouciant American jury.
Remember the jury that condemned the survivors of the FBI’s massacre of the Branch Davidians in Waco, Texas, to be locked away for many years so that they could not talk and tell of the mass murder inflicted on a religious group by the FBI.
It is unclear how much of a crime it can be to misrepresent your financial position on a loan application when one of the causes of the mortgage-backed derivative crisis was the misrepresentation of mortgage applicants on the loan documents by the companies issuing the mortgages.
Instead of prosecution, Washington relied on the Federal Reserve to bail out the banks holding the misrepresented loans.
Income tax invasion is the purview of the IRS, not of a special prosecutor who is supposed to be looking for evidence of a Trump-Putin conspiracy.
The Russia Hoax: The I... Gregg Jarrett Best Price: $13.99 Buy New $12.63 (as of 08:40 EDT - Details)
So, why did Mueller focus on Manafort?
Let Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz tell you:
“All the Special Counsel needs, in order to charge a subject of an investigation with lying to a prosecutor, is a single witnesses willing to contradict the subject.
“The witness may not only be “singing,” he may also be “composing” — that is, making up or embellishing a story because he knows that the better his story, the better the deal.
“Under federal law, the testimony of such a “flipped witness” need not be corroborated in order to secure a conviction.
“Even one question that results in an answer that is contradicted by one witness would be enough to spring the perjury trap.”
President Trump has made various statements disputing the orchestrated Russiagate accusations that, if Manafort as witness for the Special Prosecutor contradicted, could send the President of the United States to prison for perjury.
Knowing this, Mueller, in my opinion a proven corrupt person, decided to put the squeeze on Manafort in order to force Manafort to save himself by giving false testimony against Trump.
This tactic is used every day by state, local, and federal prosecutors.
Americans who believe the indictments and convictions are unaware that 97% of the time the convictions rest on self-incrimination in order to avoid worse punishment.
In Manafort’s case it didn’t, or hasn’t, worked.
Yet.
Manafort is due for a second trial, this time for allegely acting as an unregistered foreign agent for Ukrainian interests and for making false statements not under oath to the US government.
Reportedly, Manafort is being held in solitary confinement, a form of torture designed to break a person’s spirit.
Like Manafort’s first trial, his second trial has nothing whatsoever to do with Russiagate, but you will never learn that from the presstitute media or from the Democratic Party.
Manafort can still be coerced to say something that can be used to drive Trump from office.
What about Michael Cohen, a former attorney for Trump?
Mueller saw no value in the Cohen case and passed it off to a regular US attorney to prosecute.
Therefore, it would appear not to be part of the Russiagate investigation.
Cohen avoided a jury and said he was guilty of five counts of personal income tax evasion, one count of making a false statement to a financial institution in order to get a loan, and two counts related to illegal campaign contributions.
With regard to the campagin contributions, he contradicted his previous statements.
He said that on Trump’s instruction, he paid off two women who were claiming sexual affairs with Trump.
The intricacies of American laws relating to politics are often unclear.
Apparently, the charge is that Cohen used monies raised for a political campaign to pay off two women, who saw and capitalized on an opportunity to extort Trump for money, and this was an illegal use of the money.
Why a lawyer would pay off women, whose stories might or might not be true, in an illegal way when his client is a multi-billionaire doesn’t make much sense.
But these are not the kind of questions that the presstitutes are interested in.
Nevertheless, Cohen’s plea is associated with a case brought by another prosecutor, not by Special Prosecutor Mueller.
I am not sufficiently familiar with US legal procedures to be able to say how this gets brought back into Mueller’s investigation.
The facts are this:
The US military/security complex will not permit any normalization of relations with Russia.
Period.
At some point Putin and Lavrov and the idiot Russian Atlanticist Integrationists will have to acknowledge this fact, or Russia will be destroyed.
Trump, by declaring normalization of relations as one of his two principal goals for his presidency, earned the emnity of the powerful military/security complex.
By defeating Hillary for the presidency, Trump inflamed the US media’s hatred, committed as the presstitutes are to Identity Politics and hatred of the “white male oppressors” who elected Trump.
Trump will never be forgiven for preventing the election of the first female president of the United States, an unpardonable crime by a misogynist white male who “grabs women by the pussy.”
The hatred of Trump by the military/security complex and by the white male hating Identity Politics of the Democratic Party is giving the world the spectacle of an American democratic presidential election being overthrown by a conspiracy between the military/security complex, the Democratic Party, and the whores who constitute the American print and TV media.
Death of a Nation: Pla... Dinesh D'Souza Best Price: $14.99 Buy New $16.99 (as of 03:35 EDT - Details)
President Trump stands up for himself on Twitter — I am surprised that Tritter hasn’t suspended his account — but otherwise seems powerless.
Whoever advised Trump to appoint Rosenstein, a person committed to Trump’s destruction, as deputy attorney general, which is the ruling position in view of the weak and stupid AG Sessions who recused himself from the Russiagate investigation, intended Trump’s destruction.
A disreputable person committed to Trump’s destruction is appointed by Trump to destroy Trump.
How can a person so unclued survive?
As I wrote during the presidential campaign, Trump has no idea of Washington and no idea who to appoint who would support him rather than work against him.
Consequently, he has a government working against him.
Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham are working to prevent the Republican Party from supporting the party’s president.
They could easily succeed.
The entirety of the House and Senate of both parties is in thrall to the campaign donations of the military/security complex.
What can President Trump do?
He could fight, not with words on Twitter, but with the powers of the presidency.
There is far more evidence that Russiagate is a conspiracy against the President of the United States than there is evidence that it is a Trump-Putin conspiracy to steal the election from Hillary.
If Mueller can indict on the basis of no evidence, Trump can order the Attorney General to indict on the basis of massive evidence that Russiagate is a conspiracy against the President of the United States.
Brennan, Comey, Clapper, Mueller, Rosenstein, McCabe, Strzok, CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, NPR, the New York Times, Washington Post, et.
al., are all members of the conspiracy to overthrow democracy in America and establish the undisputed rule of the military/security complex.
The idiot presstitutes’ hatred of Trump might leave them unaware of the conspiracy in which they are participating, but there is no doubt that the American presstitutes are engaged in the overthrow of American democracy, however little of American democracy still exists.
This column is not an endorsement of Trump.
It is an endorsement of truth, and it is an endorsement of the American people who in their distress and with the best information that they could acquire elected Donald Trump their President.
Trump is wrong on the environment.
Environmental protections put in place after years of struggle are being eviscerated by industry polluters who have gained controll over the environmental regulatory agencies.
This is not a unique happening of the Trump presidency.
It began under VP Dick Cheney, the real president during the 8 years of the George W. Bush regime.
Cheney turned the environmental protection regulatory agencies over to industry polluters.
Trump is wrong on Iran.
He is in Israel’s hands, hoping that the power of the Israel Lobby can shield him from the presstitutes and the military/security complex.
What Israel is doing by attempting to use US military force against Iran is unifying a new alliance that is too powerful for the Washington/Israeli alliance.
Russia, China, Syria, Turkey, Iran, India, and Pakistan are the locations of populations that massively outnumber Washington’s empire.
Each of these countries are being united by Washington’s stupid and inexplicable actions against each.
Militarily, Israel is of no consequence.
Twice the vaunted Israeli Army, capable of nothing but murdering unarmed women and children, were defeated and driven out of southern Lebanon by a few thousand Hezbollah militia.
Israel is too cowardly to try it a third time, and is relying on the stupid Americans to do the job for them.
The entire world looks at America and Israel, and what does the world see?
Two countries, both the result of exterminating the native populations, distrusted and universally hated, both of which survive by purhasing the governments of other countries and by endless lies that describe everyone but themselves and their vassals as evil criminals that must be destroyed.
For example, the Gaza Strip, the largest concentration camp ever in the world, is being systematically destroyed along with all life within it by Israel under cover of the obvious and transparanent lie that all within Gaza are terrorists outfitted with bomb belts who are committed to the destruction of Israel.
Not only men of fighting age, but also old men, pregnant women, children, all Palestinians are being murdered by the Israeli military.
The United States Secretary of State agrees with Israel that all Palestinians must be destroyed, the sooner the better.
The Chinese are busy taking advantage of the financial opportunities that the idiot Americans forfeit, but otherwise do not seem to have any strategic sense of how to proceed in the drama unfolding in front of their eyes.
For China, money is now all.
The Russians are infected with the American propaganda infused into their veins during the Yeltsin era when Russia was an American puppet state.
Slowly, if not surely, the Russians are coming to their senses and realizing that they have no American “partner.”
If Trump is defeated and moved off the table, what happens when Russia and China finally realize that there is to be no conciliation with Washington?
When all the false hopes and bets of the Russian and Chinese governments of conciliation on the basis of mutual economic interests come to naught, what happens?
It will be the end of life on earth.
The Russiagate “investigation” appears to be timed to influence the midterm elections with unsubstantiated accusations made just before the elections in an attempt to produce a Democratic Congress that would impeach President Trump on false charges.
The presstitutes would cover up the frameup.
In other words, the real election meddling is being done by the Russiagate “investigation.” See here and here.
Such an impeachment would be a coup.
The consequence would be deep and permanent divisions in American political life and more rabid Russiaphobia that would result in war.
The danger is real that the Democrats’ Russiagate “investigation” aided and abetted by the presstitute media will result in nuclear Armageddon.
The Best of Paul Craig Roberts
Vote targeting Jewish student politician was not anti-Semitic: McGill report

MONTREAL – It was political disagreement — not anti-Semitism — that led to a Jewish student being voted off the McGill University student council’s board of directors, an investigation ordered by the principal has concluded.
But Jewish groups on and off campus have denounced the report as flawed, saying it missed the significance of an anti-Semitic text circulated online before Noah Lew was removed from the board last fall.
A joint statement from five campus Jewish groups says the report, released this week by principal Suzanne Fortier, “appears to condone discrimination against Jewish students at McGill based on the cultural and religious organizations they affiliate with.”
The controversy has its roots in McGill’s long-running debate over the anti-Israel Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement.
At an Oct. 23 general assembly of the Student Society of McGill University, a routine motion to elect a slate of directors turned contentious.
Supporters of a group called Democratize SSMU, formed to fight a decision of the board of directors declaring BDS counter to the SSMU constitution, brought a motion to divide the election vote.
In the past they had been ratified as a bloc.
The first five candidates were overwhelmingly approved, but when they got to Lew, the only Jewish director, he was rejected 105 to 73.
In a subsequent Facebook post, Lew wrote, “My Jewish identity was now public, and a target was placed squarely upon me by the McGill BDS movement.”
An outcry followed, leading Fortier to appoint former Ombudsperson for Students, Spencer Boudreau, to investigate.
She also created a Task Force on Respect and Inclusion in Campus Life and a support line to report incidents of intolerance.
Boudreau interviewed 38 students over his three-and-a-half week investigation.
His findings, he wrote, do “not substantiate the notion that the vote was motivated by anti-Semitism,” which he defined as hostility toward or discrimination against Jews.
Rather, he found, votes against Lew were “motivated by politics, that is, based on his support for Israel and Zionism and/or for his view of the BDS movement.” Protests about Israel’s policies cannot be equated with anti-Semitism, Boudreau wrote, though he said Lew’s belief that he was targeted because he was Jewish was “honest and even understandable.”
A statement Wednesday by Hillel McGill, Chabad at McGill and three other Jewish groups said Boudreau was mistaken about the timing of an anti-Semitic message posted online by Democratize SSMU.
Boudreau’s report said the message followed the assembly vote, but in fact it was posted at the beginning of October.
Democratize SSMU deleted the message, which targeted Lew and two other candidates, after the meeting and apologized for publishing material that was “insensitive to anti-Semitic tropes of Jewish people as corrupt and politically powerful.”
The Jewish groups said this anti-Semitic rhetoric “was used to encourage students to vote specifically against Noah Lew.
It is under this context that the (general assembly) occurred, and the report fundamentally misunderstands this, which alters the entire findings of the report.”
They say Boudreau’s report “insinuates that Jewish students who engage with mainstream Jewish community organizations are permitted to be precluded from holding political office.”
Lew was restored to his post as a director last month after a ruling that the split vote in October had violated the SSMU constitution.
He was not immediately available for comment.
Michael Mostyn, CEO of B’nai Brith Canada, called the report a whitewash.
“The report does not present a full or accurate picture of the hostile atmosphere facing Jewish students at McGill,” he said in a statement.
Fortier said the university’s next actions will be based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Respect and Inclusion in Campus Life, due to report in April.
“I would like to take this opportunity to make it clear that there is absolutely no place for anti-Semitism at McGill University and that, as principal and vice-chancellor, I will remain vigilant to ensure that all members of our community feel safe, welcomed and respected on our campuses,” she said in a statement.
• Email: ghamilton@nationalpost.com | Twitter: grayhamilton
The Never-Trumpers Are Never Coming Back

Shop all books by Pat Buchanan
With never-Trump conservatives bailing on the GOP and crying out for the Party of Pelosi to save us, some painful truths need to be restated.
The Republican Party of Bush I and II, of Bob Dole and John McCain, is history.
It’s not coming back.
Unlike the Bourbons after the Revolution and the Terror, after Napoleon and the Empire, no restoration is in the cards.
It is over.
The GOP’s policies of recent decades — the New World Order of George H.W.
Bush, the crusades for democracy of Bush II — failed, and are seen as having failed.
With Trump’s capture of the party they were repudiated.
There will be no turning back.
What were the historic blunders?
Nixonu2019s White Hous... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $6.38 Buy New $10.01 (as of 10:15 EDT - Details)
It was not supporting tax cuts, deregulation, conservative judges and justices, or funding a defense second to none.
Donald Trump has delivered on these as well as any president since Reagan.
The failures that killed the Bush party, and that represented departures from Reaganite traditionalism and conservatism, are:
First, the hubristic drive, despite the warnings of statesmen like George Kennan, to exploit our Cold War victory and pursue a policy of permanent containment of a Russia that had lost a third of its territory and half its people.
We moved NATO into Eastern Europe and the Baltic, onto her doorstep.
We abrogated the ABM treaty Nixon had negotiated and moved defensive missiles into Poland.
John McCain pushed to bring Ukraine and Georgia into NATO, and even to send U.S. forces to face off against Russian troops.
Thus we got a second Cold War that need never have begun and that our allies seem content to let us fight alone.
Europe today is not afraid of Vladimir Putin reaching the Rhine.
Europe is afraid of Africa and the Middle East reaching the Danube.
Let the Americans, who relish playing empire, pay for NATO.
Second, in a reflexive response to 9/11, we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, dumped over the regime in Libya, armed rebels to overthrow Bashar Assad in Syria, and backed Saudi intervention in a Yemeni civil war, creating a humanitarian crisis in that poorest of Arab countries that is exceeded in horrors only by the Syrian civil war.
The Greatest Comeback:... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $3.13 Buy New $6.00 (as of 08:50 EDT - Details)
Since Y2K, hundreds of thousands in the Middle East have perished, the ancient Christian community has all but ceased to exist, and the refugees now number in the millions.
What are the gains for democracy from these wars, all backed enthusiastically by the Republican establishment?
Why are the people responsible for these wars still being listened to, rather than confessing their sins at second-thoughts conferences?
The GOP elite also played a crucial role in throwing open U.S. markets to China and ceding transnational corporations full freedom to move factories and jobs there and ship their Chinese-made goods back here, free of charge.
Result: In three decades, the U.S. has run up $12 trillion in merchandise trade deficits — $4 trillion with China — and Beijing’s revenue from the USA has more than covered China’s defense budget for most of those years.
Beijing swept past Italy, France, Britain, Germany and Japan to become the premier manufacturing power on earth and a geo-strategic rival.
Now, from East Africa to Sri Lanka in the Indian Ocean, and from the South and East China Sea to Taiwan, Beijing’s expansionist ambitions have become clear.
And where are the Republicans responsible for building up this potentially malevolent power that thieves our technology?
Talking of building a Reagan-like Navy to contain the mammoth they nourished.
Since the Cold War, America’s elites have been exhibiting symptoms of that congenital blindness associated since Rome with declining and falling empires.
Churchill, Hitler, and... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $6.20 Buy New $6.00 (as of 12:40 EDT - Details)
While GOP grass roots have begged for measures to control our bleeding southern border, they were regularly denounced as nativists by party elites, many of whom are now backing Trump’s wall.
For decades, America’s elites failed to see that the transnational moment of the post-Cold War era was passing and an era of rising nationalism and tribalism was at hand.
“We live in a time,” said U2’s Bono this week, “when institutions as vital to human progress as the United Nations are under attack.”
The institutions Bono referenced — the U.N., EU, NATO — all trace their roots to the 1940s and 1950s, a time that bears little resemblance to the era we have entered, an era marked by a spreading and desperate desire of peoples everywhere to preserve who and what they are.
No, Trump didn’t start the fire.
The world was ablaze with tribalism and was raising up authoritarians to realize nationalist ends — Xi Jinping, Putin, Narendra Modi in India, Erdogan in Turkey, Gen. el-Sissi in Egypt — before he came down that escalator.
And so the elites who were in charge when the fire broke out, and who failed to respond and refused even to recognize it, and who now denounce Trump for how he is coping with it, are unlikely to be called upon again to lead this republic.
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
Migrant Caravan Reach Border & Climb Atop Fencing Effortlessly (Video)

Members from one of the migrant caravans finally reached the US border on Tuesday.
Videos were captured and Border Patrol agents were on the scene as they were witnessed climbing effortlessly up the wall and standing and sitting atop it.
Fox 5 reports:
SAN DIEGO -- People on the Mexican side of the border could be seen climbing the fence near Border Field State Park Tuesday afternoon after part of the Central American migrant caravan arrived in Tijuana.
take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Maybe?
I'm not sure if he should have.
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Several people scaled the fence and sat on top of it.
A few jumped or crawled to openings in the fence onto U.S. soil but quickly ran back as Border Patrol agents approached.
Several border agents were seen patrolling the area in trucks, 4-wheelers, a helicopter and on horses.
Video of the migrants was captured in various reports.
The caravan is here, illegally entering America This is a national disgrace Arrest and deport them all back to their home country pic.twitter.com/zmAvbC13eL — Charlie Kirk (@charliekirk11) November 14, 2018
Increased activity at the U.S.-Mexico border after part of the Central American migrant caravan arrived in Tijuana.
Border Patrol has not confirmed whether this group is part of the caravan.STORY: http://via.kswbtv.com/Ky5E4 Posted by FOX 5 San Diego on Tuesday, November 13, 2018
US Customs and Border Patrol San Diego tweeted, "The first group of the migrant caravan arrived at the Tijuana border yesterday afternoon.
# CBP has deployed resources to safely secure the area near Imperial Beach.
All seeking entry into the U.S. are urged to present themselves at an official Port of Entry."
The first group of the migrant caravan arrived at the Tijuana border yesterday afternoon.
#CBP has deployed resources to safely secure the area near Imperial Beach.
All seeking entry into the U.S. are urged to present themselves at an official Port of Entry.
#USBP pic.twitter.com/uGWUKjxJkj — CBP San Diego (@CBPSanDiego) November 14, 2018
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen said, "Border security is national security, and @ DHSgov will enforce our nation's laws.
Today, I am at the # Texas border talking with @ CBP officials on how we are securing ports of entry."
Border security is national security, and @DHSgov will enforce our nation's laws.
Today, I am at the #Texas border talking with @CBP officials on how we are securing ports of entry.
pic.twitter.com/fOlIQNF5pW — Sec.
Kirstjen Nielsen (@SecNielsen) November 14, 2018
She also met with Secretary of Defense James Mattis in Texas.
I met with #SecDef in #Texas today to highlight the work that we are doing together to secure our borders.
I want to thank @DeptofDefense for their partnership across the full spectrum of @DHSgov missions.
pic.twitter.com/eGyzwyXDw9 — Sec.
Kirstjen Nielsen (@SecNielsen) November 14, 2018
So far, we are being told that authorities are keeping an eye on the migrants as they celebrate their journey, but no reports have been issued saying they have actually crossed over yet.
Ohio Cop Killing Suspect’s Wife Hid in Bushes While Husband Shot Officers, 911 Call Shows

The wife of the Ohio man suspected of killing two police officers on Saturday hid in the bushes as she called 911 to report that her husband had shot the cops, according to an audio recording of the call.
Westerville Police Department officers Eric Joering, 39, and Anthony Morelli, 54, were allegedly shot dead by Quentin Smith after responding to a 911 hangup call.
The call, which prompted officers to respond to the scene, came in just around noon on Saturday.
In it, a woman can be heard crying before the line goes dead, the Cincinnati Enquirer reported.
After dispatchers' attempts to return the call sent them to voicemail, Joering and Morelli went to the house, which had a history of domestic violence calls, according to the Columbus Dispatch.
Reuters Reuters
In the following call, the woman pleads for help.
“Please help, please help,” she asks the dispatcher.
“My husband shot the police officers,” the woman adds, telling the dispatcher she is hiding in the bushes while her one-year-old daughter is inside.
She reported Smith shot one of the officers as he came into the house.
Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now
“I don’t hear my daughter crying anymore,” the woman says.
Officers later said they found her daughter on the couch and held Smith at gunpoint.
Police have not released many details about the way the events transpired, but did say that Smith had injuries and was transported from the home.
Authorities had responded to the house as recently as three weeks ago for a reported disturbance, records obtained by the Enquirer showed.
At the time, the home's residents told police that there was nothing amiss.
Smith’s wife had told police in November that her husband illegally carried a “gun all of the time,” according to the Enquirer.
Smith was convicted of burglary in 2008, barring him for possessing a firearm.
Authorities have not released which type of gun was used in the shooting.
CNN Sues Trump Demanding He Restore Jim Acosta’s White House Credential

CNN sues President Trump and top White House aides for barring Jim Acosta.
557 SHARES Facebook Twitter
CNN has filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration over the revocation of press credentials from its reporter Jim Acosta demanding they be restored.
The suit alleges the ban violated both First and Fifth Amendment rights of the network and reporter.
Last Wednesday White House press secretary Sarah Sanders made the announcement that Acosta’s press pass had been suspended as a result of an altercation during a press conference when Acosta refused to give up the microphone after several requests by President Trump to hand it over.
Not only did Acosta refuse to hand over the microphone, but he pushed the female interns hand away when she tried to follow the presidents request to take the microphone away from Acosta, who has disputed the accusation claiming he never put his hands on the young woman.
take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Maybe?
I'm not sure if he should have.
Email *
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Watching the full exchange it is obvious that Trump was making a sincere effort to answer Acosta’s questions, the president actually took the time to answer three of his questions before losing his patients with an argumentative Acosta who refused to hand the mic over to the female intern forcefully pushing her arm away.
Acosta can deny how the altercation took place, but the video shows the facts, which are that Acosta was out of line.
The lawsuit was announced by CNN on Tuesday.
The network is also asking the court for an “immediate restraining order requiring the pass be returned to Jim.”
Both CNN and Acosta are plaintiffs in the lawsuit, and there are six defendants: Donald Trump himself, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders, Chief of Staff John Kelly, his aide for communication Bill Shine, Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy, and the unidentified Secret Service officer who took the pass from Acosta.
Fox News reports:
“The wrongful revocation of these credentials violates CNN and Acosta’s First Amendment rights of freedom of the press, and their Fifth Amendment rights to due process,” CNN said in a statement.
“We have asked the court for an immediate restraining order requiring the pass to be returned to Jim, and will seek permanent relief as part of this process.”
CNN added that “the suit is specific to CNN and Acosta,” but said it could happen to anyone.
“If left unchallenged, the actions of the White house would create a dangerous chilling effect for any journalist who covers our elected officials,” CNN said.
This morning, CNN filed a lawsuit against @realDonaldTrump and top aides.
The White House has violated CNN and @Acosta's First Amendment rights of freedom of the press and Fifth Amendment rights to due process.
Complaint: https://t.co/43oX6L8xA7 pic.twitter.com/RvJ0Cgh6oi — CNN Communications (@CNNPR) November 13, 2018
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Last week, Acosta’s press pass to access the White House was suspended “until further notice” after he engaged in the contentious back-and-forth over the migrant caravan working its way up through Mexico.
Trump characterizes the caravan as “an invasion,” a term to which Acosta objected.
“Honestly, I think you should let me run the country and you run CNN,” the president said.
The reporter tried to ask him another question before a female White House aide walked over to him.
Trump then told him, “That’s enough!”
Acosta continued to try to talk as the intern was seen trying to take the microphone from his hand.
She grabbed the microphone but Acosta wouldn’t give it up and there was brief contact between the two.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said the suspension of his press credentials stemmed from his “placing his hands on a young woman just trying to do her job as a White House intern.” She called the behavior “absolutely unacceptable.”
Several news outlets accused Sanders of using a “doctored” video as evidence, but the press secretary didn’t back down from her decision.
“We stand by our decision to revoke this individual’s hard pass.
We will not tolerate the inappropriate behavior clearly documented in this video,” Sanders tweeted to accompany the allegedly doctored video.
White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway has since said the video was simply “sped up.”
An attorney for CNN and Acosta followed up with a separate statement, saying the law is “clear” that the Trump administration violated the First Amendment and Due process Clause.
Teen Who Had MAGA Hat Ripped Off Head Gets New One Signed By Trump

Sixteen-year-old Hunter Richard was wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat while enjoying a calm dinner at a Whataburger in Texas when a stranger, now identified as 30-year-old Kino Jimenez, yanked it off his head and threw a soda in his face.
But Richard now has a new hat, and it was signed by Donald Trump himself!
*Please note that the below video contains racial slurs and could be considered violent to some.
﻿
Jimenez was later arrested and shortly thereafter fired from his job for ripping off Richard’s hat and stealing it.
“This is gonna go right in my f**king fireplace, b***h,” Jimenez said, acting like a bully for stealing a teenager’s hat.
Jimenez also threw a soda in Richard’s face.
Richard’s hat appeared to be gone for good until the video of the incident went viral and he received a new MAGA hat signed by the president himself, reported The Daily Wire.
Among those who commented on the video’s original posting was Donald Trump Jr., who retweeted a story about the assault against the teenager.
“If someone can get me this young man’s information I’ll get him a new #maga hat… SIGNED by #potus!!
!” he wrote on Twitter.
If someone can get me this young man’s information I’ll get him a new #maga hat… SIGNED by #potus!!!
https://t.co/zHBz4gKpkf — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 5, 2018
“Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail.
A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump,” Joe Gallow wrote on Twitter.
#Update: Teen who made national news after having #MAGA hat stolen at a San Antonio fast food restaurant just got this in the mail.
A hat signed by @realDonaldTrump.
See the video: https://t.co/LAUcjERTNc @News4SA @KABBFOX29 pic.twitter.com/akzNSp4ps8 — Joe Galli (@JoeGalliNews) July 11, 2018
Richard told media outlets that he’s been a bit surprised by everything that’s happened since the video was posted online.
“I didn’t think it was going to generate the amount like what people are doing, I was looking at the comments by some people and ‘they are like this is uncalled for’ and other people are like mixed opinions but I didn’t think it would blow up to what it is now,” he said to News-4 San Antonio.
La Stampa’s Robert Fastiggi Replies to Chris Ferrara

La Stampa’s Robert Fastiggi Replied to Chris Ferrara’s articles on Fastiggi and Goldstein’s defense of Amoris Laetitia and their criticism of the Filial Correction:


Fastiggi’s exchange with Ferrara concerning “Wait, Wait, It’s all a mistranslation!”

Robert Fastiggi • 13 hours ago

In the article that I co-authored with Dr. Goldstein, we would have done better to speak of the “official” Latin text rather than the “original” Latin text.
This, though, is no longer an issue because the normative text is the Latin text published in thr AAS.
Mr. Ferrara, however, bases his critique upon an assumption that the “generous response” offered to God is a sin.
This, though, is not what AL is saying.
The generous response is a move away from sin and a move toward God.
I explain this in my most recent response to Prof. E. Christian Brugger, which can serve as my response to Mr. Ferrara:

Posted on LifeSiteNews:
Prof. Brugger is a good theologian and a fine man, but he still seems to believe that AL 303 implies that God is asking people to continue to sin in some cases.
In his April 22, 2016 article in Catholic World Report, Brugger writes that AL 303 suggests that “God can be ‘asking’ someone to live in a life-state in which they are objectively violating grave matter.” Then in a Sept. 28 ‘17 LifeSiteNews article, he states that “the generous response” owed to God is “a certain state that is objectively at variance with the universal command of the Gospel.” Now Prof. Brugger argues that, because the subject remains “this conscience” in AL 303, this proves that the “generous offering owed to God” is the recognition that one is living “contrary to “the universal command of the Gospel.”

Prof. Brugger fails to see that AL 303 clearly distinguishes between a conscience’s recognition that “a given situation is objectively at variance with the general mandate of the Gospel” and this same conscience’s subsequent recognition of a “generous response owed to God in the present circumstances.” The subject “conscience” might be the same but the object is different.
The “generous response” is not the situation that is at variance with the command of the Gospel but an offering that God is asking amid the mass of impediments even though it may not yet be the perfect objective model.

What might be this “generous response?” Pope Francis does not give an example in AL 303 because he’s speaking in general terms of the dynamics of conscience.
Moreover, he knows that concrete cases vary widely.
In our Sept. 26 article in La Stampa, Dr. Goldstein and I provided a hypothetical example of a couple in a purely civil “marriage” recognizing that God is calling them to live in continence.
We chose this example deliberately to demonstrate that “the generous response” could be the ending of a particular sin.
Our example was an attempt to show that Professors Brugger and Seifert are wrong to believe AL 303 implies that God is asking some people to continue to live in an objectively sinful state.
It’s really just the opposite.
AL 303 teaches that conscience will come to recognize that God is asking for a step in the right direction away from sin.
Pope Francis explains this again in AL 305 when he says “a small step, in the midst of great human limitations, can be more pleasing to God than a life which appears outwardly in order, but moves through the day without confronting great difficulties.’”

In a recent interview (http://www.lastampa.it/2017..., the Italian philosopher, Rocco Buttiglione, provides this example for AL 303: “Imagine a father who has a sick son and the child improves.
He still has fever but has stopped vomiting; the child manages to keep in his stomach what he eats and has started a therapy that seems to work.
The father is happy.
Is he happy about the fact that the child is sick?
No, he is pleased that his son gives symptoms of improvement and healing.”

This is what Pope Francis is saying in AL 303.
God is not happy with situations that are objectively at variance with the command of the Gospel.
God, however, is happy when people in such situations discern in conscience that He is asking them to make a choice that moves in the right direction—even if they still need to progress further toward a more complete fulfillment of His will.
This is the law of gradualness not the gradualness of the law.
It is sad that this beautiful and compassionate message of AL 303 has been so completely misunderstood by scholars who have failed to grasp its true meaning.

Chris Ferrara to Robert Fastiggi • 9 hours ago

I certainly agree that the Latin text is the normative text even if it comes later.
I certainly do not agree that the Latin text eliminates the grave problems with Amoris Laetitia.
Rather, as I show in my article, it only intensifies them.

With all due respect to Dr. Fastiggi, his argument and that of Buttiglione, that a “move away from sin” is what is pleasing to God, even if the moral norm is not adhered to, is sophistical.
What constitutes a “move away” from sin if not ceasing to commit the sin?
No example is provided in AL because none can be.
The notion is nonsensical.
Just how nonsensical is demonstrated by Dr. Fastiggi’s claim that by “a move away from sin” in the case of a divorced and “remarried” couple Francis means their agreement to live in continence as brother and sister for the sake of children.
But that would be ceasing to commit the sin of adultery altogether as it would involve abandoning the pretense that they are married along with the illicit sexual relation itself.
Such a couple could always be absolved and receive Holy Communion under the Church’s constant practice, albeit privately to avoid scandal.

At any rate, the “brother and sister” approach to the situation, which is that of Familiaris consortio 84, is certainly not the one advocated by Francis.
As my article shows, Francis has made it quite clear that he approves of admitting to the sacraments divorced and “remarried” people who will continue to live as if they were married, including sexual relations, while “discerning” their situation, this “discernment” being a mere fig leaf to conceal the proposed toleration of public adultery in the Church.
Thus, Francis thanked the Maltese bishops for their AL guidelines, which literally mandate admission to the sacraments of divorced and “remarried” people who believe themselves to be “at peace with God.” And, as he told the bishops of Buenos Aires in writing, “there is no other interpretation.”

No amount of verbal artifice can conceal what is happening in the Church thanks to AL: Public adulterers are being admitted to Holy Communion without an amendment of life and the bimillenial discipline of the Church---which John Paul insisted involves a moral norm, not a mere ecclesiastical law, to which everyone is bound in conscience “without exception”---is being overthrown in place after place.

It is a great disservice to the Church to maintain the pretense that there is nothing problematical about AL.
A moral catastrophe is self-evidently underway and it is not possible honestly to deny its cause.

Robert Fastiggi to Chris Ferrara • 2 hours ago

Thank you for your response.
You write well but you do not reveal a proper understanding of what Pope Francis is saying in AL 303.
I can only ask that you to study the matter more carefully with an open heart and mind.

Chris Ferrara to Robert Fastiggi • 16 minutes ago

Tell that to the four cardinals, the 800,000 faithful, the 45 theologians and the 61 other original signers of the correctio, all of whom you insult with your superficial and I must say entirely sophistical attempt to explain away what Francis is clearly doing.

Irony of ironies, the latter-day Pharisees and legalists Francis sees around every corner are hard at work defending Amoris Laetitia at the very moment it is being cited by bishop after bishop as their sole authority for admitting public adulterers to Holy Communion---while Francis does nothing but approve.

I think you should follow your own advice about studying this matter with an open heart and mind, but above all with open eyes, for you have clearly shut them to what is going in the dioceses in the name of AL.

Fastiggi’s exchange with Ferrara concerning “More Fake News: La Stampa Tries Again.”

Robert Fastiggi • 12 hours ago

I would like to thank Christopher Ferrara again for calling attention to an article I co-authored with Dr. Goldstein in La Stampa.
I give him credit for his colorful style.
Unfortunately, Mr. Ferrara provides no real evidence for his claim that Pope Francis “wishes the bishops to admit public adulterers in 'second marriages' to the sacraments while continuing their adulterous relations.”

He mentions the Holy Father's letter to the Buenos Aires bishops, but he fails to take into account that the statement of those Argentine bishops can be interpreted in an orthodox way, as Cardinal Müller told Edward Pentin in a Sept. 28 interview published in the National Catholic Register.
In fact the statement of the Argentine bishops only speaks of the possibility of “access to the sacraments of Reconciliation and the Eucharist.” This could reasonably be interpreted as going to confession before receiving Holy Communion.

The same applies to statements of Pope Francis and Cardinal Schoenborn mentioned by Ferrara.
Pope Francis defers to the exposition of Amoris laetitia by Cardinal Schoenborn given in April 2016 when the exhortation was made public.
I have read the Cardinal's exposition in both Italian and English, and I only find mention of the help of the sacraments in certain cases.
Once again, Mr. Ferrara assumes this means access to Holy Communion without prior sacramental confession.
With regard to the letter thanking the Bishops of Malta, it should be noted that Edward Pentin mentions a letter of Cardinal Baldiserri not a letter of Pope Francis.
Moreover, this letter has not been made public so we don't know exactly what it says other than an expression of thanks.
This seems to be very thin evidence for claiming Pope Francis wishes the bishops to admit public adulterers to the sacraments while continuing in their adulterous relations.
As a lawyer, Ferrara should have a better sense of what really counts as evidence.
As a Christian, he should also be mindful of the command against bearing false witness.

Beyond these considerations, I wish to express a personal concern I have about Mr. Ferrara's standing in the Catholic Church.
He says that Dr. Goldstein and I are “foot soldiers of a Leviathan Church” because we defend the Roman Pontiff.
Does Mr. Ferrara believe that the Catholic Church under Pope Francis is a “Leviathan Church” and not the Catholic Church?
If this is so, then it would suggest that Mr. Ferrara is refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff and communion with the members of the Church subject to him.
This, though, is the very definition of schism found in the Catechism of the Catholic Church, 2089 and the 1983 CIC canon 751.
I hope Mr. Ferrara can clarify what he means by the “Leviathan Church” under Pope Francis.
A more simple question to him would be this: “Are you refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff or communion with the members subject to him?”

I apologize ahead of time if I misconstrued his words.
I believe, though, my question is reasonable in light of his reference to a “Leviathan Church” distinct from “the dictates of the Immortal God in heaven.”

Chris Ferrara to Robert Fastiggi • 9 hours ago

If Dr. Fastiggi wishes to continue to pretend, despite a growing mountain of evidence, that Pope Francis has not in fact approved of the admission of public adulterers to Holy Communion--just as he did when Archbishop of Buenos Aires, and just as he did with the woman he telephoned in Argentina—then I cannot help him.

As for my metaphorical reference to a “Leviathan Church,” I am afraid Dr. Fastiggi has succumbed to an unfortunate literal-mindedness.
To make it clear for him, I am contending that he and his co-author treat the Pope as if he were the absolute ruler of Hobbes’s Leviathan.
I do not, as should be obvious, argue that this Leviathan Church actually exists.
That it does not and cannot exist is precisely my point.

Dr. Fastiggi’s inapt citation to Canon 751 and his clumsy and insulting questions about my “standing in the Catholic Church” and whether I am “refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff” demonstrate a pronounced lack of comprehension of pertinent ecclesiological and theological basics, and a rather embarrassing lack of rhetorical finesse.
Raising objections to a papal document because it appears to depart from sound orthodoxy is hardly “refusing submission to the Roman Pontiff,” who has not, at any rate, actually commanded anyone to “submit” to anything via AL.

I respectfully suggest that Dr. Fastiggi’s comments evince a need for serious study and reflection before he ventures further opinions on this controversy in public.

Editor’s Note: Paragraph breaks added for readability.
Kerry On Edge As Legacy Crumbles

Former Secretary of State John Kerry wasted no time condemning President Trump’s decision not to recertify, and to possibly withdraw from, the disastrous nuclear deal with Iran that Kerry negotiated on behalf of his boss Barack Obama.
President Trump insisted on significant improvements to the Joint Plan of Comprehensive Action (JCPOA), as the deal is formally known.
The JCPOA’s fundamental flaws that President Trump wants fixed include Iran’s ability to block unfettered international inspections, the wiggle room that Iran is exploiting to continue developing and testing ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons, and the sunset clause on nuclear enrichment that would provide Iran a clear path to becoming a nuclear armed state after the current restrictions are lifted.
Obama and Kerry had promised that these issues would be dealt with satisfactorily before agreeing to the final terms of the JCPOA.
Instead they caved to Iranian pressure in order to get the deal done.
Now that President Trump is trying to clean up the mess Obama and Kerry left him, Kerry has the gall to label President Trump’s decision a "reckless abandonment of facts in favor of ego and ideology" and to accuse the Trump administration of “lying to the American people.” It was the Obama administration that recklessly abandoned the facts in pressing ahead with the deal.
The Obama administration lied to the American people, abandoning its own promises to ensure that the deal contained ironclad protections.
Moreover, all that President Trump has done so far is to return the JCPOA to Congress for review.
Had Obama followed the Constitution and submitted the JCPOA to the Senate as a treaty in the first place, the JCPOA in its present form almost certainly would not have been approved.
Congress should now have the opportunity to revisit the JCPOA to determine whether the protections that the Obama administration promised are working as advertised.
Congress should also consider whether time limits on Iran’s commitments continue to make sense in light of what we are now experiencing with Iran’s nuclear technology collaborator, North Korea.
It bought time to turn into a full-fledged nuclear power under our noses.
Kerry had promised that the Iranian regime would be prohibited from testing ballistic missiles.
This turned out to be a lie.
After the JCPOA was finalized, with no such prohibition included, Iran continued to test such missiles.
The Obama administration’s response was that the missiles had become a separate issue, to be dealt with under a new United Nations Security Council resolution endorsing the JCPOA.
The new resolution replaced clear prohibitions imposed on Iran’s ballistic missile program with a weak declaration in an annex that simply “calls upon” Iran not to undertake any activity such as development and test launches related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons for eight years.
Iran has tested several ballistic missiles during the last two years, including two Qadr H missiles with the phrase “Israel must be wiped out” emblazoned on the sides.
The commander of Iran’s Army, Major General Ataollah Salehi, had told reporters just a month before the launch of those missiles that Iran was "neither paying any attention to the resolutions against Iran, nor implementing them.
This is not a breach of the JCPOA.”
Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin, spurning requests from Obama administration officials to impose sanctions against Iran under the Security Council resolution, asserted that the Iranian missile test did not violate the resolution.
“A call is different from a ban so legally you cannot violate a call, you can comply with a call or you can ignore the call, but you cannot violate a call,” the Russian ambassador said.
In short, the JCPOA did not cover the missile tests and the replacement UN Security Council resolution that did mention the missiles is toothless.
Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes told CNN, during an interview aired on April 6, 2015, that under the deal’s terms then still being negotiated, “you will have anywhere, anytime, 24/7 access as it relates to the nuclear facilities that Iran has."
Rhodes claimed that “if we see a site that we need to inspect on a military facility, we can get access to that site and inspect it.
So if it's a suspicious site that we believe is related to its nuclear efforts, we can get access and inspect that site through the IAEA.” This was another lie.
After the JCPOA was finalized in July 2015, Rhodes shamelessly denied that anytime, anywhere inspections were ever considered as part of the negotiations.
“We never sought in this negotiation the capacity for so-called anytime, anywhere,” Rhodes said on July 14, 2015.
The JCPOA’s supporters, including Kerry, have made much of the fact that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has on several occasions verified Iran’s compliance with its commitments under the JCPOA, keeping its stock of low-enriched uranium below the limit set forth in the JCPOA and not pursuing further construction of the Arak reactor.
Iran was found to have slightly exceeded the limit on its stock of heavy water, but has remedied the problem to the IAEA’s satisfaction.
IAEA chief Yukiya Amano reiterated in a statement he issued on October 9th that Iran has remained in compliance with its JCPOA commitments.
The problem, as any clear-eyed observer of the process recognizes, is that the IAEA relies on Iran for self-inspection of certain sites that the regime does not want the IAEA to inspect freely on its own.
IAEA inspectors have avoided examining military sites it knows exists and has no reliable way of tracking undeclared sites.
The IAEA’s explanation for not visiting any of Iran’s known military sites is that it had “no reason to ask” for access.
Evidently, the IAEA is supposed to block out the fact that Iran had conducted tests relevant to nuclear bomb detonations at a military site before the JCPOA’s finalization in 2015.
The IAEA should just pretend that such tests could not possibly happen again.
“Nobody is allowed to visit Iran's military sites,” said Iran’s Head of Strategic Research Center at the Expediency Council and adviser to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, Ali Akbar Velayati.
Intimidation works.
The IAEA knows not to ask.
As to the JCPOA’s sunset provisions, the Obama administration lied about that too.
Kerry claimed on September 2, 2015 that the JCPOA “never sunsets.
There’s no sunset in this agreement.”
This month Kerry has resorted to parsing words.
He claims the phrase 'sunset provisions' is a “misnomer,” before then defending the JCPOA’s time limits.
"We were comfortable because the cap on Iran’s low-enriched uranium stockpile remains in place until 2030,” Kerry wrote in an article published in the Washington Post late last month.
In other words, let’s just kick the can down the road and hope for a more reasonable Iranian regime in 13 years that would agree to extend the time limits.
In the meantime, Kerry advises us not to worry.
Kerry declared, “15 or 25 years from now, we still have the same military options we have today.”
John Kerry has obviously learned nothing from the North Korean fiasco, which resulted from years of phony agreements with the rogue regime and so-called “strategic patience.” The United States clearly does not have the same military options today to deal with a nuclear armed North Korea as it did 23 years ago when former President Bill Clinton decided not to use military force to stamp out North Korea’s nuclear program at its inception.
Instead, Clinton started us down the primrose path of naïve diplomacy with a duplicitous regime that now is on the verge of being able to strike the U.S. mainland with nuclear warheads delivered by intercontinental ballistic missiles.
It is precisely because North Korea’s actions over the last 23 years have proven that making concessions to a rogue regime in order to obtain denuclearization commitments is so dangerous that President Trump does not want to make the same mistake with Iran.
America’s European allies are also upset with President Trump for refusing to recertify the deal and threatening to pull out if certain conditions are not met.
British Prime Minister Theresa May, French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel issued a joint statement last Friday praising the JCPOA and its implementation.
They said that the nuclear deal with Iran was “the culmination of 13 years of diplomacy and was a major step towards ensuring that Iran’s nuclear programme is not diverted for military purposes.
Therefore, we encourage the US Administration and Congress to consider the implications to the security of the US and its allies before taking any steps that might undermine the JCPOA, such as re-imposing sanctions on Iran lifted under the agreement.”
Perhaps these European leaders should remember their own history.
Appeasement through phony deals with a rogue dictatorship does not work, as proven by the infamous Munich Pact signed by British and French Prime Ministers Neville Chamberlain and Edouard Daladier with German Chancellor Adolf Hitler seventy-nine years ago.
National Data | December Jobs—TRUMP EFFECT!
American Worker Displacement, Immigrant Population, Black Unemployment ALL DECLINE!
| Articles

)
Forget the Wolff book brouhaha and Trump’s latest DACA dalliance —the real story is outside the Beltway , where real people live and work.
December marked the fifth month in a row in which the immigrant working-age population ( legal and illegal declined from the same month of the prior year.
Simultaneously, immigrant displacement of American workers fell, also apparently confirming a trend that began in September.
And, by the way, black unemployment is at a record low.
What started after the 2016 election as a reduction in the rate of increase in the foreign-born population of working age has turned into an outright retreat.
This is in dramatic contrast to the last months of the Obama Regime, which saw year-over-year increases in immigrant working-age population far in excess of the estimated 1 million legal immigrants admitted annually, and which I argued meant that an unreported illegal alien surge was underway.
According to the Labor Department employment report released last Friday, December there were 77,000 fewer working-age immigrants (legal and illegal) in the country in December 2017 than in December 2016—a decline of 0.18%.
This follows year-over-year drops of 138,000 in August, 143,000 in September, and 117,000 in October, and 64,000 in November.
Not since the Great Recession has the foreign-born working-age population declined for five consecutive months—but now, in telling contrast, the economy is expanding.
This makes the Trump Era immigrant workforce decline especially striking.
Note that this is a net figure.
The year-over- year reduction in the immigrant working-age population does not mean new immigrants have stopped coming in.
About 300,000 immigrants die annually, and an equal number leave (voluntarily or otherwise), according to a study by the Center for Immigration Studies.
[U.S.
Immigrant Population Hit Record 43.7 Million in 2016, By Steven A. Camarota and Karen Zeigler,October 16, 2017] So the 77,000 reduction in working-age immigrants from December 2016 to December 2017 is consistent with a gross inflow of about 500,000 new foreign-born workers (legal and illegal) over that period—the gross inflow more than offset by the gross reduction of 600,000 due to deaths, deportations, and immigrant emigrants.
This helps explain why a reduction in the immigrant workforce population reduction is compatible with reports of a recent increase in illegal immigration on the U.S. southwest border (albeit still less than at the end of the Obama Regime).
The additional good news: Native-born American workers took all the jobs created this month, according to the Household Survey, which records workers’ immigrant status (but not their legal status).
The Household Survey reported 103,000 jobs were created last month—well below the 148,000 figure found by the far more widely-cited Payroll Survey.
In December 2017:
Immigrant employment fell by 246,000, down by 0.93%
Native-born American employment rose a whopping 349,000 – up 0.27%
The immigrant employment index, set to 100.0 in January 2009, fell from 122.0 to 120.9.
The native-born American employment index rose from 105.8 to 106.0..
The New VDARE American Worker Displacement Index (NVDAWDI), our term for the ratio of immigrant to native-born employment growth indexes, fell fromto(100X (120.9/106.0))
Trump may not have delivered (yet) on his promise to bring back the factory and coal jobs so many of his supporters lost during the Obama years.
But by shrinking the pool of immigrants willing to do that work, he has put more money in pockets of his voters.
While overall wage growth remains modest – 2.5% per annum in December – Blue collar workers have beat this by a wide margin:
“It is commonly said that wage stagnation contributed to an economic anxiety in middle America that carried Donald Trump into the White House…Yet Mr. Trump’s rise seems to have coincided with a turnaround in fortunes for the middle class.
… The latest development—one that will be of particular interest to Mr. Trump—is that blue-collar wages have begun to rocket.
…In the year [2017] to the third quarter, wage and salary growth for the likes of factory workers, builders and drivers easily outstripped that for professionals and managers.
In some cases, blue-collar pay growth now exceeds 4%…” Blue-collar wages are surging.
Can it last?, The Economist, Magazine, November 14th 2017
Eleven months of Trump has not come close to undoing the damage done by eight years of Obama.
Native-born American workers lost ground to their foreign-born competitors throughout the Obama years and this trend accelerated significantly in the months leading up to the election:
Can't render, error
Native-born American employment growth is represented by the black line, immigrant employment growth is in pink, and NVAWDI—the ratio of immigrant to native-born American job growth—is in blue.
Another way of looking at American worker displacement: the immigrant share of total U.S. employment rose steadily, albeit erratically, throughout the Obama years.
It fell sharply in the months after the 2016 election, but roared back to Obama-era levels in the spring.
Immigrants held 16.99% of total jobs in December, a significant drop from November’s 17.16% share.
Can't render, error
A detailed snapshot of American worker displacement over the past year is available in the Employment Status of the Civilian Population by Nativity table published in the monthly BLS Report.
Over the last 12 months (December 2016 to December 2017):
The native-born American labor force (employed plus looking for work) grew twice as fast as the immigrant labor force: 0.63% versus 0.30%.
ADVANTAGE AMERICANS
as the immigrant labor force: 0.63% versus 0.30%.
American employment grew 57% faster than immigrant employment: 1.27% versus 0.81%.
ADVANTAGE AMERICANS
The labor-force participation rate (LPR), a sign of worker confidence and mobility, rose by 0.6 points for immigrants and was unchanged for native-born Americans.
At 65.3%, the immigrant LPR this December was considerably above the native-born American rate (61.9%.)
ADVANTAGE IMMIGRANTS
The number of unemployed Americans fell by 763,000—down 12.7%, while the number of unemployed immigrants fell 129,000—down by 11%.
ADVANTAGE AMERICANS
Another piece of good news, quite possibly connected to the shrinking of the immigrant working age population, caught our eye: The unemployment rate for black Americans fell to 6.8% in December , the lowest level since the Labor Department began tracking the figure in 1972.
[ U.S. economy added 2 million jobs in 2017 , by Patrick Gillespie, CNNMoney, January 5, 2018]
By removing foreign competitors, Trump may have done more for blacks in 11 months than Obama did in eight years.
Of course, this could be affected by statistical noise—and it could be undone by e.g.
a DACA capitulation.
But right now it increasingly appears the Trump Effect is real—and achieved entirely through enhanced enforcement.
What could happen if the GOP-controlled Congress woke up and enacted an immigration moratorium?
Edwin S. Rubenstein (email him) is President of ESR Research Economic Consultants.
Capitol Police “Accidentally” Gave Treasure Trove of Evidence To Muslim IT Spy's Defense Attorney

Accidentally?
Color me skeptical.
The Democrats are criminal, treasonous and sleazy.
They gave this jihadi unfettered access to national security secrets.
He then transferred the data to Pakistan.
And the most powerful Democrats continue to protect jihad-treason.
The Democrat leadership collusion with Muslim spies is the biggest story of treason and espionage in the recent memory.
As the scandal widens and worsens, the media goes to extraordinary lengths not to cover it.
take our poll - story continues below
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Hellbent to destroy President Trump, they toil in Soviet fictions and titillating porn stories.
House investigators found the House server was being used for nefarious purposes and the alleged Muslim spies were removing information and sending it for foreign actors.
The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides.
Now we hear the father of Muslim spy ring Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency.
CAPITOL POLICE ACCIDENTALLY GAVE EVIDENCE TO HOUSE HACKING SUSPECT’S DEFENSE ATTORNEY By Luke Rosiak on May 24, 2018:
The House IG said Democratic IT aides made unauthorized access to data, but prosecutors haven’t charged them
Democrats appear to want to keep the case out of court; a trial could expose their reckless IT practices
Capitol Police didn’t make arrests despite numerous red flags and then ‘inadvertently’ gave evidence to defense attorneys that was supposed to go to prosecutors
Prosecutors appear to be sharing info with someone on Capitol Hill who is leaking details to the hacking suspect’s lawyer
The Capitol Police turned over a trove of evidence in the alleged Imran Awan House cyberbreach and theft case to the defense attorneys when they were supposed to deliver it to prosecutors instead, according to court documents and a source.
And hours after The Daily Caller News Foundation asked prosecutors about the disclosure, Awan’s lawyer said he had learned of the forthcoming story from a source on Capitol Hill.
TheDCNF had not told anyone other than prosecutors about it.
“The cop came to [Awan’s defense attorney] Chris Gowen’s office with a stack of papers … Then he came back and said, ‘I thought you guys were the other party.’ He was very, very angry.
But Gowen made copies,” the source, who’s familiar with The Awans, told TheDCNF.
Awan, three relatives and a friend ran IT for one in five House Democrats and could read all their emails and files until they were banned on Feb. 2, 2017, for “numerous violations of House security policies.” The violations alleged by the House Office of Inspector General include logging into the House Democratic Caucus server thousands of times without authorization.
This allegedly occurred during the same period in 2016 the DNC was hacked.
Prosecutor Michael Marando alluded to the disclosure of evidence in court on Oct. 6, 2017.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
Asteroid Will Skim By Earth Days Before Christmas: It Is ‘Potentially Hazardous’

An asteroid called 3200 Phaethon will skim past the Earth just days before many will celebrate with Christmas festivities.
The three-mile-wide asteroid is expected to miss the Earth, but it’s still labeled as “potentially hazardous,” and for good reasons.
With a diameter of about 3 miles, the asteroid named 3200 Phaethon (after the Greek demi-god who, according to legend, nearly set the Earth on fire) is classified as “potentially hazardous” by the Minor Planet Center.
The asteroid will pass within 6.5 million miles of the Earth, which is relatively close in space terms, but still around 27 times the distance of the moon.
Much closer flybys have occurred in the very recent past.
Scientists at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory are planning to use the opportunity to obtain a detailed 3D model of the asteroid, which has a particularly irregular shape.
First detected in December 2007, 3200 Phaethon is widely thought to be the parent body for the Geminid meteor shower, which is due to peak this year on the night of December 13.
This would make the Geminids one of only two major meteor showers not originating from a comet; the other being the Quadrantids in January.
The main difference between asteroids and comets is their composition.
Asteroids are made up of metals and rocky material, while comets are made up of ice, dust and rocky material.
Comets which approach the Sun lose material with each orbit because some of their ice melts and vaporizes to form a tail.
But the real question is will anyone be able to see the asteroid’s close approach to our planet.
According to NASA, 3200 Phaethon will be visible in small telescopes for experienced observers in areas with dark skies.
It is potentially detectable for three weeks but will be at its brightest between December 11 and 21.
If you don’t see the asteroid itself, be sure to look out for the Geminid meteor shower, which is set to provide a spectacular show over the course of 10 nights in December, with as many as 100 shooting stars every hour.
Kamala Harris & Elizabeth Warren Have Ethics Complaint Filed Against Them In Senate

The faces of the criminal Democrat Party, at least two of them, have now had an ethics complaint filed against them in the US Senate, and rightly so.
Senators Kamala Harris, who basically said that Judge Brett Kavanaugh was guilty because she believed Christine Blasey Ford's unsubstantiated and uncorroborated accusations against him, and Elizabeth Warren, also known as "Fauxahontas," are the two members of the Senate who will be investigated.
Looks like when you are so gung ho to go after someone based on 36-year-old allegations in which there are no witnesses and no evidence, it will eventually come back to bite you.
Both Harris and Warren stand accused of breaking fundraising rules by sending out fundraising emails asking for donations to support their votes against Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh.
take our poll - story continues below
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
* Yes, military force should be used.
No, keep the military out of it.
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The Washington Times reports:
A watchdog group filed a Senate ethics complaint Monday against Sens.
Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren for sending out fundraising emails asking for donations to support their votes against Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh — even before they cast their votes against him.
While voting and then asking supporters to back that decision with cash is common, the watchdog group, the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT), says asking for money ahead of time crosses the line into vote-buying.
FACT asked the Senate ethics committee to probe fundraising emails sent by Ms. Warren, Massachusetts Democrat, and Ms. Harris, California Democrat.
Ms. Warren’s email said she was demanding a delay on the judge’s confirmation vote and asked for donations for her 2018 election campaign, while Ms. Harris’s emails detailed several of her actions as a member of the Judiciary Committee, including her questioning of the president’s pick for the high court, and asking for contributions.
The Senate's own rules prohibit this kind of behavior, but will the Senate hold these women to the standard they've set?
“This is a clear violation of the Senate Ethics rules which safeguard against the appearance or actuality of elected officials ‘cashing in’ on their official position for political purposes,” said Kendra Arnold, executive director of FACT.
Of course, but like most of these kinds of violations, the only thing that might actually occur here is censure, and that is highly unlikely in the current climate.
However, voters should be aware of the unethical practice of both of these senators.
While Harris is not up for re-election this year, Warren is.
Could the good people of Massachusetts do us all a favor and elect someone else in her place?
Bill Clinton insists he doesn't owe Monica Lewinsky an apology

Former President Bill Clinton insisted in a weekend interview that he doesn't owe a personal apology to Monica Lewinsky, the former White House intern whose adult life has been defined by their inappropriate sexual affair and the global scrutiny that followed.
'No,' he told NBC in an interview airing Monday on the 'Today' show.
'I do not – I have never talked to her.
But I did say publicly on more than one occasion that I was sorry.'
'I apologized to everybody in the world,' Clinton said, implying that was enough.
And the flustered former president, more famous for his Don Juan-like seductions than for his policy legacy, portrayed himself, not Lewinsky, as history's victim in the mass-media's retelling of the 1990s saga.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS
Former President Bill Clinton said in an NBC interview airing Monday that he's never personally apologized to Monica Lewinsky for how their sexual affair turned her life upside down – and he doesn't owe her a mea-culpa
The former president carried on a lengthy affair with Lewinsky, often trysting with her just steps from the Oval Office
Watch part one of @craigmelvin's interview with Bill Clinton and James Patterson pic.twitter.com/UC8KAQw8Ge — TODAY (@TODAYshow) June 4, 2018
Her too: Lewinsky has emerged as an anti-bullying activist and now says Clinton engaged in a 'gross abuse of power' by seducing her
'A lot of the facts have been omitted to make the story work,' he declared, 'I think partly because they're frustrated that they got all these serious allegations against the current occupant of the Oval Office and his voters don't seem to care.'
And Clinton complained in the interview that he left the presidency financially ruined because of the costs associated with the legal consequences of his actions.
'Nobody believes that I got out of that for free,' he said.
'I left the White House $16 million in debt,'
He's worth about $80 million today, aided by an aggressive schedule of speaking events – many of which paid him six-figure fees for individual appearances.
In a March essay for Vanity Fair magazine, Lewinsky wrote that 'what transpired between Bill Clinton and myself was not sexual assault, although we now recognize that it constituted a gross abuse of power.'
Clinton is now on a book tour with co-author James Patterson but got pointed questions from NBC in an interview that aired Monday morning
Clinton, pictured denying his May-December affair when he was president, was already noted at the time for his lothario habits
But decades later, she's still traumatized by the aftermath of being identifed globally as the your woman the President of the United States kept on the side and used for his own pleasure just a few feet from the Oval Office.
'I’m sorry to say I don’t have a definitive answer yet on the meaning of all of the events that led to the 1998 investigation,' Lewinsky wrote of the public humiliation that played out in seeming slow motion.
'I am unpacking and reprocessing what happened to me.
Over and over and over again.'
Clinton is launching a book tour to promote 'The President is Missing,' a fictional political thriller co-written with the famed author James Patterson.
He accused interviewed Craig Melvin of 'ignor[ing] gaping facts in describing this, and I bet you don't know you don't know them.'
'This was litigated 20 years ago.
Two-thirds of the American people sided with me.'
Lewinsky is pictured on September 21, 1998 meeting with then-president Bill Clinton at a White House function
If he were president today, he said later, his most famous extramarital affair wouldn't 'be an issue, because people would be using the facts instead of the imagined facts.'
Patterson, too, defended Clinton – by comparing his sexual affairs in office with those of two preceding Democratic presidents.
'It's 20 years ago, come on!'
he blasted Melvin.
'Let's talk about JFK.
Let's talk about, you know, LBJ.
Stop already!'
Clinton piled on.
'You think President Kennedy should have resigned?
Do you believe President Johnson should have resigned?
Someone should ask you these questions because of the way you formulate the questions,' he jabbed.
'I dealt with it 20 years ago, plus.'
Suddenly philosophical and seeming to take a longer view of history, Clinton said: 'I have tried to do a good job since then with my life and with my work.
That's all I have to say to you.'
Nimesh Patel Stand-Up Routine Cut Short Due To Uncomfortable Jokes

Nimesh Patel, a comedian known for being the first Indian-American writer for Saturday Night Live, had his stand-up routine at cultureSHOCK cut short earlier tonight due to uncomfortable jokes.
cultureSHOCK, an event hosted by the Asian American Alliance, is a charity performance showcase that aims to provide a space to celebrate Asian American expression.
Patel was one of the main events promoted beforehand.
However, his jokes quickly progressed to uncomfortable territory, including one about a gay black man who lives in his neighborhood and how “[I]t made me realize that being gay is definitely not a choice because no one wants to be gay and black.” The tension in the room increased as Patel told more jokes in this vein until organizers of the event went up on stage to stop him, citing a change in program plans.
Patel questioned why this was happening.
The organizers replied that the person in charge of tech had to leave early, but Patel continued to claim that he was being cut off because the audience didn’t like his jokes.
At one point, one organizer told Patel he was being disrespectful.
When asked for closing remarks, Patel responded: “I’m a generation older than all of you I know comedy,” and called the organizers incorrect in ending his set.
He tried to continue speaking until his mic was cut.
We have reached out to the Asian American Alliance for comment and were told that their board is not yet prepared to release a statement.
We will update this post if such a statement is forthcoming.
Image via Columbia University Asian American Alliance
Tags: breaking, columbia university asian american alliance, cultureSHOCK, nimesh patel
Dallas Chief Says She Can’t Fire Amber Guyger for Killing Botham Jean - Dept Rules Imply Otherwise

Dallas, TX — As citizens call for justice in the case of Dallas police officer Amber Guyger — the cop who killed the innocent Botham Jean in his own home — the controversy continues to grow.
In a town hall meeting this week, citizens showed that they still have a lot of questions for the Dallas Police Department in regards to the cold-blooded killing of Botham Jean.
On top of questions as to why it took several days to arrest the cop — despite the fact that Guyger admitted to it — were questions like why this person who has proven to be a threat to society has yet to be fired from the police force.
During the meeting, as Chief Renee Hall dodged several questions over the details of the arrest, she did go out of her way to answer the question of why Guyger is still collecting a paycheck from their department.
The short of it, according to Hall, is she can’t fire her.
take our poll - story continues below
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
“I can’t do that because there are both local, state and federal laws that prohibit me from taking action.
There are civil service laws we have to adhere to,” said Hall.
But experts say this is not true.
As WFAA reports, Justin Moore, a civil rights attorney was a panelist at the meeting and was surprised by the Chief’s comments.
“I was completely mystified, and I really didn’t understand where it came from last night.
It seemed like Chief Hall might not have been well informed on the law,” said Moore.
WFAA went further and noted that the “the Dallas Police Department general orders do allow the chief to take action, saying, ‘The Chief of Police may circumvent all formal disciplinary procedures to render an immediate decision when it deems it necessary to preserve the integrity of the department.’”
Apparently, this “integrity” is not worth preserving and the Dallas police are going out of their way to keep a killer cop on their payroll.
As WFAA pointed out, lots of cops across the state who have been under criminal investigation have been fired by police chiefs.
This includes cops within the Dallas police department.
Amy Wilburn, a former Dallas cop shot an unarmed teen in the stomach as he sat down with his hands in the air in 2013.
Days later, after her account was found to be entirely false, she was fired for it.
Wilburn became the first cop in 41 years — since officer Darrell Cain murdered a 12-year-old boy in the back of his squad car — to be indicted for shooting a suspect.
Also in 2013, officer Cardan Spencer shot a mentally ill man in his driveway.
Days later, he was also fired after surveillance video proved he was lying about what happened.
So why hasn’t the chief fired Gugyer, who has actually been charged, arrested, and admitted to killing an innocent man?
Like all those accused of a crime, Amber Guyger deserves her day in court.
However, as far as her job with the department is concerned, she has already proven that she is no longer fit for duty, ever again.
WFAA asked the Dallas Police Department for the laws she cited claiming that she can’t fire Guyger, but they did not provide them.
The department did respond about the general order mentioned by WFAA, however, saying, “General order 508 refers to the Police Chief’s ability to circumvent the formal disciplinary procedures not the investigative process.”
Exactly what “investigative process” needs to happen before they can fire her remains unclear as this public servant admitted to killing an innocent man in his own home.
At the very least, she should be fired for this.
But then again, as we’ve reported already this week, Amber Guyger is subject to a different set of rules than common citizens, which apparently includes keeping a paycheck after admitting to killing an unarmed, innocent, pillar of society, Botham Jean.
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project
The Dictator Pope: A Call to Hierarchical Opposition

Of that book, no less than Robert Royal—signaling growing alarm over the Bergoglian Debacle in the Catholic mainstream— has written : “About 90 percent of it is simply incontrovertible, and cannot help but clarify who Francis is and what he’s about.” And the picture that emerges in stark relief in The Dictator Pope, as Life Site News reports , is that of “a power-hungry, manipulative dictator, [who] celebrated the abdication of Benedict XVI” because he knew what it meant: that the plan to give him the Keys of Peter in 2005 would finally come to fruition in 2013.
“We elected you to make reforms, not to smash everything!” Thus is Cardinal Leonardi Sandri, a fellow Argentinian and a supporter of Pope Francis at the conclave of 2013, reliably reported literally to have screamed at Pope Francis behind closed doors in the Vatican.
Sandri would be one of a number of Bergoglian partisans at the conclave who are now said to be experiencing “buyer’s remorse,” as documented most recently in the explosive best-seller The Dictator Pope .
"When the shepherd becomes a wolf, the first duty of the flock is to defend itself.
The true children of Holy Church, at such times, are those who walk by the light of their Baptism, not the cowardly souls who, under the specious pretext of submission to the powers that be, delay their opposition to the enemy in the hope of receiving instructions which are neither necessary nor desirable."
Francis, writes Royal, “has little use for established procedures, precedents, even legal structures within the Church….
When the head of the Church himself does not much feel bound by the tradition or impartial laws he has inherited, what then?” What then indeed?
The Dictator Pope even feels at liberty to demand that the Lord’s Prayer be changed to reflect his dissatisfaction with God’s words: “And lead us not into temptation [et ne nos inducas in tentationem],” which Francis has decided, after 2,000 years, is a “not a good translation.” Apparently lost on Francis, given the disordered mélange of bits and pieces of things he has read that constitutes his theology, is the distinction between sin, a culpable act, and temptation, which arises from concupiscence or what Saint Thomas called the fomes, or the fleshly inclination to sin, which grace enables us to control by the rule of reason over the passions.
But now we are witness to the single worst act of tyranny in the entire history of the papacy.
The Church has seen a number of Popes who have abused their power, Alexander VI being the most popularly known example.
But never, before Francis, has there been a Pope who dared to tyrannize the Magisterium itself by attempting to bend it to his errant personal opinions.
By publication in the Acta Apostolicae Sedis (AAS), Francis has officially declared that the “authentic Magisterium” includes the guidelines of the bishops of Buenos Aires for the implementation of Chapter 8 of Amoris Laetitia (AL), which he expressly approved in his letter to them as the only correct interpretation of his will.
The guidelines have been published in the AAS along with Francis’s private missive, which is suddenly declared to be “an apostolic letter.”
The normalist narrative has just been stripped of any colorable argument that nothing is too terribly amiss with this pontificate.
We are now expected to believe that the “authentic Magisterium”—meaning simply and only AL—teaches what the guidelines preposterously declare, solely in reliance on AL:
When the concrete circumstances of a couple make it feasible, especially when both are Christians with a journey of faith, one may propose that they commit to living in continence….

In other more complex circumstances, and when it is not possible to obtain a declaration of nullity, the aforementioned option may not, in fact, be viable.
Nonetheless, it is equally possible to undertake a journey of discernment….
[I]f one arrives at the recognition that, in a concrete case, there are limitations that diminish responsibility and culpability (cf.
301-302), particularly when a person judges that he would fall into a subsequent fault by damaging the children of the new union, Amoris Laetitia opens up the possibility of access to the Sacraments of Reconciliation and the Eucharist (cf.
notes 336 and 351).
As Francis would have it, then, the “authentic Magisterium” has just flatly contradicted itself for the first time in two millennia:
The admission of public adulterers in “second marriages” to Holy Communion, which John Paul II, in line with all of Tradition, called “ intrinsically impossible ” given their objective state in life, is now deemed possible depending on circumstances—that is, situation ethics applied to violations of the Sixth Commandment.

The requirement that people embroiled in such unions commit to living in continence before they can be absolved and partake of the Blessed Sacrament—a moral norm binding “ without exception ” because it is rooted in divine law—is suddenly demoted to a mere “proposal” that may not be “feasible” or “viable” in “the concrete circumstances of the couple.”
A valid annulment of a truly invalid marriage, the sine qua non for entering into marital relations with another purported spouse, is now dispensed with in “more complex circumstances… when it is not possible to obtain a declaration of nullity,” the way thus being opened to de facto divorce in the Catholic Church.
The meaningless slogan “journey of discernment” cloaks a naked authorization for the official toleration of adulterous sexual relations in the Church’s sacramental life.
No less than a Roman Pontiff lends his name to the outrageous claim that children resulting from an adulterous relationship, blithely referred to as a “new union,” could be “damaged” if the partners in adultery were required to cease their adultery in order to be absolved and receive Holy Communion—evidently because the “new union” would dissolve without adulterous sexual relations and there could be a second divorce!
This appeared in the last Print-Edition of The Remnant.
See what else you missed.
Subscribe Today!
As recently as seventeen years ago, during the reign of John Paul II, the Pontifical Council for the Interpretation of Legislative texts reaffirmed the immutable truth reflected in Canon 915, which prohibits the administration of Holy Communion to those “who obstinately persist in manifest grave sin.” That prohibition, declared the Pontifical Council, applies to the divorced and “remarried” not as a matter of mere disciplinary law subject to revocation or modification, but rather “is derived from divine law and transcends the domain of positive ecclesiastical laws; [and] the latter cannot introduce legislative changes which would oppose the doctrine of the Church.”
Francis, however, has purported to do nothing less invent exceptions to divine law that oppose the doctrine of the Church.
The attempt is void, of course, and the appellation “authentic Magisterium” is fraudulent.
But the consequences of this Pope’s toying with the teaching office of the Church to advance half-baked theological notions, such as “discernment” (a term he borrows from St. Ignatius of Loyola but strips of its original meaning) are catastrophic.
Over the past year, Cardinal Burke and a few other members of the hierarchy have called upon Francis to “clarify” his intention respecting AL.
That clarification has now been given: Francis intends, if it were possible, to change the unchangeable teaching of the Church regarding an irrevocable moral norm rooted in divine law.
Even if the attempt is void and of no effect before man and God—an immoral law is no law at all—Francis clearly means to impose his will by fiat, daring invoke the “authentic Magisterium” to cloak his absurd novelties.
No Pope before him has ever dared to do such a thing.
So now it must be asked: Where are the cardinals and the bishops?
With one or two noble (however inconsistent) exceptions, their response to the Bergoglian Debacle thus far ranges from silence, to active complicity, to—at best—hand-wringing over the increasingly chaotic state of the Church while begging the Pope to “clarify” his already perfectly clear intentions.
At this point, continued pleading for a Bergoglian “clarification” can only give rise to an impression of disingenuousness, whereas continued silence about the papal origin of this ongoing catastrophe is a standing rebuke to all the hierarchs who know what we all know: that at the epicenter of the chaos is the most wayward Pope the Church has ever had to endure.
Continued inaction while the laity and a few good priests are left to themselves to defend, as best they can, the constant teaching of the Church against the abuses of a tyrant on the Chair of Peter threatens the hierarchs with a legacy of shame and a terrible accountability before the Just Judge.
Their failure to defend the Faith by standing up to the one they know full well is attacking it almost daily lends itself ever more to an indictment for timidity in the face of unprecedented danger to the Church and the cause of the Gospel of which they are divinely charged to be leaders.
The time for “prudence” is long past.
Prudence now gives way to mere pusillanimity.
The time for hierarchical action is now, before the damage to the Church becomes irreparable.
The members of a hierarchy seemingly cowed by a papal tyranny the Church has never before seen must rise immediately and give a courageous answer to the challenge posed long ago by Monsignor Klaus Gamber, when an already monumental ecclesial crisis was still in what can now can be seen as merely a preliminary stage:
Where in our Church are the leaders who can show us the right path?
Where are the bishops courageous enough to cut out the cancerous growth of modernist theology that has implanted itself and is festering within the celebration of even the most sacred mysteries, before the cancer spreads and causes even greater damage?
What we need today is a new Athanasius, a new Basil, bishops like those who in the fourth century fought courageously against Arianism when almost the whole of Christendom had succumbed to heresy.
Will none of the hierarchs rise to defend the Church as “a new Athanasius, a new Basil”?
Even the best among them continue to limit themselves to generalized lamentations at conferences or in interviews about the parlous state of the Church or at most the “confusion” Francis has caused by not “clarifying” precisely what he has just clarified.
They avoid the absolutely necessary direct and public exposure of error at its source.
That error threatens to overwhelm the Church while they do little more than fret about a situation whose self-evident cause—a reckless Pope in love with his own ideas and filled with contempt for Tradition—they seem incapable of identifying.
Concerned clergy and laity throughout the Catholic world are doing what they can according to their stations.
But in the midst of that “final battle” over marriage and family of which Sister Lucia warned the late Cardinal Caffarra in light of the Third Secret of Fatima, within the human element of the Church only the cardinals and the bishops possess the divinely bestowed power to repel an assault on marriage, family and the very integrity of the Faith that is now, for the first time in Church history, being led by a Roman Pontiff.
This undeniably apocalyptic development imposes upon the hierarchs—first and foremost in the Church—the duty to act.
True love for the Church, indeed true charity toward Francis himself, requires of them nothing less than what was required of Saint Paul when the first Pope fell into error that jeopardized the very mission of the Church: that Peter be withstood to his face (Gal.
2:11).
May Our Lady of Fatima intercede to obtain for them the grace of fortitude to do what must be done and what only they can do.
Our hopes and prayers are with them as the foremost instruments of divine providence in the ecclesia Dei adflicta.
Our Lady of Fatima, intercede for us!
GOP report: Obama admin worked to allow Iran to exchange billions to bypass sanctions

Washington (CNN) Senate Republicans on Wednesday accused the Obama Administration of secretly trying to give Tehran access to the US financial system to convert billions of dollars in assets into Euros as part of the Iran nuclear deal.
A report released by Republican senators on the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigation said the Obama administration didn't tell Congress that it sought access for Iran and, in its eagerness to clinch the nuclear deal, was trying to dodge sanctions that remained in place following the 2016 agreement.
"The Obama administration misled the American people and Congress because they were desperate to get a deal with Iran," said Sen.
Rob Portman, the Ohio Republican who chairs the subcommittee and opposed the Iran deal, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.
The accusations were rejected by Obama administration officials who said Republicans are trying to make a one-time effort to meet obligations under the nuclear deal sound like an attempt to give Iran broad access to the US financial system.
They said the Republican senators never interviewed former Obama administration officials involved, and noted that no Democrats were involved.
The story "is widely overblown," said Jarrett Blanc, the former State Department coordinator for Iran deal implementation at the State Department.
Iran deal reverberations
The report and the former officials' response highlight how controversial the Iran deal continues to be, even after President Donald Trump's May 8 decision to leave the international pact.
That move continues to roil relations with European allies who are sticking with the Iran deal.
They appealed to the US on Wednesday to exempt them from sanctions as they continue to do business with Tehran.
But one goal behind report's release, according to an official familiar with its contents, is to make clear that the US is not likely to be open to exemptions of any kind.
"As the United States begins to re-impose sanctions on Iran and Iranian entities, our European allies must understand and appreciate that doing business with Iran is no longer permissible," the source said.
The report focuses on $5.7 billion from Iranian oil sales that were frozen in Oman's Bank Muscat in that country's currency, the rial.
Rials are pegged to the US dollar and are difficult to convert.
But as part of the nuclear deal, Iran was promised access to overseas reserves of its own funds that had been frozen by sanctions.
To access the rials, Iran wanted to convert them briefly into dollars and then Euros.
JUST WATCHED Bolton: US will impose all pre-deal Iran sanctions Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bolton: US will impose all pre-deal Iran sanctions 03:05
The majority report by the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigation says that the US Treasury, at the instruction of the US State Department, granted a license to convert the $5.7 billion briefly into American dollars so it could be converted into euros.
The exchange was legal, the report notes.
Officials at Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control asked two US banks to work as intermediaries and execute the transaction, but they declined, citing concern over potential regulatory backlash and a ding to their reputations.
Emails reviewed in the investigation show that OFAC officials worked to encourage banks to take part in the deal by proposing to bring in senior officials.
"I agree it would be a good idea to have (Treasury Secretary Jack) Lew engage (the US bank).
If they refuse we can suggest (Secretary of State John) Kerry will call, which will drive them nuts," an email from a US government official said.
After Treasury officials were examining whether the Iran deal's relevant sanctions permit currency exchange of rials to dollars, the report says a Treasury official wrote in an email, "Yikes.
It looks like we committed to a whole lot beyond just allowing the immobilized funds to settle out."
A legal transaction
But in the end, Treasury officials concluded that the transaction was legal.
The report said they decided that the terms of the JCPOA were "consistent with Iran's position, allowing the Government of Iran to engage in 'transfers,' 'foreign exchange (including Rial related transactions),' and the 'purchase or acquisition by the Government of Iran of US bank notes.'"
The source familiar with the report said that Congress asked the Obama administration directly about such a license, but that the administration was under no legal obligation to provide the licenses to Congress.
The Republican report argues that in pushing for the license to go forward, Obama officials were violating financial and oil-related sanctions imposed on Iran stemming from the seizure of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in 1979 and trying to give Iran access to the US financial system.
They pointed to a number of Obama officials, including Lew, who said in congressional testimony that Iran was not granted access to the US financial system.
Lew said in 2015 that Iran "will continue to be denied access to the [US's] financial and commercial market."
Treasury's acting under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence during the Obama administration, Adam Szubin, claimed that "Iranian banks will not be able to clear US dollars through New York, hold correspondent account relationships with US financial institutions, or enter into financing arrangements with US banks."
JUST WATCHED Pompeo lays out US list of demands for Iran Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Pompeo lays out US list of demands for Iran 02:40
Blanc argued that the administration was transparent with Congress, referencing Lew's own testimony.
"As Secretary Lew said in the testimony quoted in the report: 'Part of the agreement was to give Iran access to money that it has a right to.
We will work on making that happen.'
There were regular staff level briefings in much more detail," Blanc said.
"(T)his is the kind of work the US Government needs to do every day to make our sanctions regimes effective without creating such burdens on allies and partners that they are pushed to work around our financial dominance," Blanc said.
A former administration official told CNN that reports suggesting they were planning to restore Iran's access to the US financial system "were absolutely false," that the license was "totally in line with our well-known obligations under the deal."
That source pointed out that the license "did not authorize Iran to conduct commercial transactions denominated in US dollars.
It did not allow Iran to conduct commercial transactions in foreign currencies via the US banking system.
It did not allow Iranian parties to open accounts or correspondent accounts at US banks.
It did not allow Iran to send funds to the US or receive funds from the US.
And it did not allow Iran access to US investments or markets."
The GOP report offers recommendations on how best to proceed with its relationship with Iran.
Recommendations include further informing Congress about future negotiations with Iran, requiring the Treasury Department to give notice of specific licenses, reviewing all Iran deal-related licenses, and increasing policing of US sanctions policies.
Rand Paul says he’ll oppose Trump’s CIA, State Department nominees

Personal Liberty Poll Exercise your right to vote.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) says he plans to do everything in his power to block President Donald Trump’s nominations to head the State Department and Central Intelligence Agency over war and torture concerns.
We told you about Trump’s administration shake-ups and new nominees Tuesday:
Following what has appeared for months to be a strained relationship between President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the top diplomat is being replaced.
Trump announced Tillerson’s ouster via Twitter Tuesday, saying: “Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State.
He will do a fantastic job!
Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service!
Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen.
Congratulations to all!” This is yet another big shake-up for Trump’s still-young administration — and it may be the most important one to date.
The move creates some big questions about both the administration’s foreign policy ambitions as well as the president’s relationship with the deep state.
“I will oppose both Pompeo’s nomination and Haspel’s nomination,” Paul said Wednesday.
The Kentucky lawmaker is the first Republican to say he will attempt to block the nominees; but he isn’t the first Republican to express concern.
Sen. John McCain of Arizona said Tuesday that he wanted answers about Haspel’s background running CIA torture programs prior to her confirmation.
Paul contends that the Trump nominations directly contradict promises the president made on the campaign trail.
“I’m perplexed by the nomination of people who love the Iraq War so much that they would advocate for a war with Iran next.
I think it goes against most of the things President Trump campaigned on,” he said.
The lawmaker added that he can’t support Haspel, whom he described as having expressed “joyful glee” at being involved in torture programs in the past.
“I find it just amazing that anyone would consider having this woman at the head of the CIA,” Paul said.
With Paul’s defection and McCain likely to be undergoing treatment for brain cancer at the time of the vote, Trump’s White House will likely be left scurrying for Democrat support to secure the majority necessary for the nominees to be confirmed in the Senate.
Beware sonic weapon attacks, US tells citizens in China

An employee of the American embassy in Guangzhou was diagnosed with a mild traumatic brain injury
The US has warned its citizens in China to be vigilant for “abnormal sensations of sound and pressure” as it opened an investigation into whether officials were targeted with a sonic weapon that caused a brain injury.
An American government employee stationed in the southern city of Guangzhou recently reported “subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure”, the embassy in China said yesterday.
The employee was diagnosed with a mild traumatic brain injury in an incident with echoes of suspected “sonic attacks” on American diplomats in Cuba last year.
Mike Pompeo, the US secretary of state, said that medical teams were travelling to Guangzhou to investigate.
The government employee’s symptoms were “very similar and entirely consistent” with those suffered in Cuba, he…
﻿Communion to Adulterers Promulgated as "Authentic Magisterium"

Last week, Acta Apostolicae Sedis (AAS)—the Vatican's organ for promulgating the Official Acts of the Apostolic See—published Pope Francis' October 2016 letter to the bishops of Buenos Aires in which he praised their episcopal guidelines allowing divorced and civilly remarried Catholics to receive Holy Communion in some cases while living in a state of objective mortal sin.
If papal clarification was ever needed on the long-debated issue of the intended meaning of Amoris Laetitia chapter VIII, such clarification has now been provided for the Church at large.
Concerning these guidelines that allow "the possibility of access to the sacraments of Reconciliation and the Eucharist" in "complex circumstances" where "limitations that lessen the responsibility and guilt" permit adulterous couples to continue in adultery, the pope said in his letter:
"The document is very good and completely explains the meaning of chapter VIII of Amoris Laetitia.
There are no other interpretations."
Until now, the pope's letter to the Argentinian bishops had been considered a private letter with no binding force, whereas AAS has now elevated Pope Francis' letter to the official magisterial status of an "Apostolic Letter," while including a special rescript as an addendum by Cardinal Pietro Parolin, Secretary of State.
The rescript declares that Pope Francis expressly intends both documents—the papal letter and the episcopal guidelines—to bear the character of his "authentic Magisterium," and that the pope has personally ordered their publication in AAS and on the Vatican website.
Hence Amoris Laetitia VIII, which proposes that people living in adultery can be guiltless and thus be admitted to the sacraments of Confession and Communion when "concrete circumstances" make it difficult to renounce their adulterous state, is now declared "magisterial" by the Holy See.
The problem with this is that heresy or sacrilege can never be declared magisterial, so that if it is, it not only has no binding force, but the faithful are obliged to resist and refute such a declaration.
St. Thomas Aquinas says in his Summa Theologiae: "If the faith were endangered, a subject ought to rebuke his prelate [pope] even publicly."
The fact is that this latest promulgation is counter-magisterial, but the pope and his right-hand man now feel they have enough support from the dissenting left that enables them to come forward with it.
Cardinal Parolin's rescript on the papal and episcopal documents reads as follows:
Rescript "from an Audience with His Holiness"
The Supreme Pontiff decreed that the two preceding documents be promulgated through publication on the Vatican website and in Acta Apostolicae Sedis, as authentic Magisterium.
From the Vatican Palace, on the day of June 5 in the year 2017
Pietro Card.
Parolin
Secretary of State
The Catholic Encyclopedia defines a papal rescript as follows: "Rescripts are responses of the pope or a Sacred Congregation, in writing, to queries or petitions of individuals.
Some rescripts concern the granting of favors; others the administration of justice, e.g.
the interpretation of a law."
It appears then that Parolin's rescript constitutes a direct reply to the dubia of the Four Cardinals.
Pope Francis' praise of the episcopal guidelines clearly answers the cardinals' query concerning his intention in Amoris Laetitia VIII, so will Cardinals Brandmuller and Burke now proceed to issue the formal correction of it?
As reported in The Dictator Pope—a remarkable new book which provides an inside look at the most tyrannical and unprincipled papacy of recent history—English Cardinal Cormac Murphy O’Connor who was largely responsible for the vote canvassing behind Francis' election told journalist Paul Valley in 2013, "Four years of Bergoglio would be enough to change things."
Each day, we see new evidence that this might have been a gross understatement.
We shouldn't rule out the possibility that Francis may come forward one day and declare "ex-cathedra" that the interpretation of Amoris Laetitia VIII, as now taught by the Holy See, is promulgated as "extraordinary magisterium."
Should this happen, the Mystical Body would then be without its head.
In an interview with Catholic World Report (CWR) in December 2016, Cardinal Raymond Burke, who is presently a member of the Apostolic Signatura, said that if a pope were to "formally profess heresy he would cease, by that act, to be the Pope."
Burke was reiterating Church teaching, as expressed by famed canonist Franz Wernz in his Ius Canonicum: "In sum, it needs to be said clearly that a [publicly] heretical Roman Pontiff loses his power upon the very fact."
Newly Released Private Surveillance Footage From The Las Vegas Massacre Shows “Helicopter Hovering Overhead” During The Attack

Newly released footage of the Las Vegas Massacre, captured by a private surveillance camera and recently released by Fox News host Tucker Carlson, has once again ignited the theory that helicopters were used during the horrific attack.
Over the last month multiple videos have been released that many believe show helicopters either conducting an attack on the Vegas Strip or attempting to stop those that were and now, with this latest evidence release, that possibility seems all the more plausible.
As Shepard Ambellas reported for Intellihub, “The [footage] is presumed to have been captured by a nearby business’s southward facing security camera which is located approximately 780 feet due east of the venue where the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival was held on Oct. 1.
The tape was given to Fox News by an attorney who represents several shooting victims.”
Amazingly, the surveillance camera captured what seems to show a “large amount” of wind and debris being kicked up by a nearby helicopter hovering above the attack and or taking part in it.
“Astonishingly, between the times of 10:13 and 10:16 a good amount of debris can be seen being pushed downward and sideways in front of the camera,” Ambellas continued.
“By 10:14 much larger crowds of people can be seen streaming through the area to escape the massacre going on,” Carlson reported.
“You can see a large amount of wind and debris, apparently that is due to a helicopter hovering overhead.”
The footage goes how to show two men attempt to help a victim who had apparently been shot, eventually resorting to covering up the body after they realized it was simply too late.
Ambellas also reported on what his research indicates were documented helicopters in the air at the time.
A quick review of flight records during that time reveals that a squadron of EC-130 Eurocopters departed from Maverick Leasing LLC at 10:12 p.m., several of which appear to have overflown the parking lot where the victim and debris were seen.
However, the departure of the choppers and the fact that several of them overflew the parking lot does not explain all of the debris being kicked up from by a heavy downdraft, prop wash, possibly from a helicopter hovering in place much closer.
In fact, the downdraft appears to be constant from 10:13-10:16 p.m. and not intermittent as if several choppers had just passed overhead.
As I have reported in the past, multiple other videos taken on the night of the attack also seem to point to helicopters being used throughout the city.
“Footage has emerged that may show muzzle flashes coming from the helicopter in what looks to be evidence that a team was firing into the crowd from the air on that fateful night,” read a report in The Daily Sheeple.
“Despite claims by some that these are “strobes” it remains unlikely that this is the case, especially when you consider other footage of the helicopter taken on the night as well as research by a group of investigators who believe the first attack on October 1st was carried out from the air.”
It is also important to keep in mind that there is footage of a still unidentified team loading up gear in a helicopter near the scene of the attack.
“In what can only be described as a “WTF video” the following footage seems to literally show a team of unknown soldiers gearing up next to a helicopter near the Route 91 concert.”
Additionally, Carlson also noted during the initial broadcast of the private surveillance footage that the owner of the camera was never approached by the FBI, who have so far never seen the footage, much less investigated it.
While we may never know what actually happened during the Las Vegas Massacre, the fact remains that the official story has been proven, time and time again, to be absolutely false and in fact nothing more than a pathetic attempt at a cover-up.
Pope Francis' sexual abuse commission, hit by resignations and criticism, gets a reboot

Last week Pope Francis announced he was reviving a panel he created to advise the Vatican on how to handle sexual abuse by clergy.
The issue has dogged the Roman Catholic Church in recent years, and critics have accused Francis and his two predecessors, John Paul II and Benedict XVI, of failing to aggressively weed out and punish predator priests.
Here’s a look what drove the panel’s creation and what to expect in the future.
What is Pope Francis’ commission on sexual abuse?
Following criticism he was not focusing on halting child abuse within the church, Francis created the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors in March 2014, naming Cardinal Sean O’Malley, the archbishop of Boston, to run it.
O’Malley was not only a member of the pope’s “G9” group of close advisors; he was also the man who sought to clean up the abuse scandal in Boston after the departure of his predecessor, Cardinal Bernard Law, whose shifting of predator priests to new posts was exposed by the Boston Globe and chronicled in the movie “Spotlight.”
The revelations about Law, who died in December, emboldened abuse victims across the country and world, who began speaking up about the priests who had molested them.
When he created the commission, Francis said: “The commission’s specific task is to propose to me the most opportune initiatives for protecting minors and vulnerable adults, in order that we may do everything possible to ensure that crimes such as those which have occurred are no longer repeated in the Church.”
Why is it being renewed now?
After the commission’s three-year mandate expired in December, Francis relaunched it on Feb. 17 with some members reappointed and nine new members added, some of whom are victims of abuse, although the Vatican declined to say which, opting to respect their privacy.
O’Malley returns as chief.
New members come from Australia, Brazil, Ethiopia, India, the Netherlands and Tonga, "reflecting the global reach of the church and the challenge of creating safeguarding structures in diverse cultural context,” the Vatican said.
What did the first commission achieve?
The Vatican has said it “worked with almost 200 dioceses and religious communities worldwide to raise awareness and to educate people on the need for safeguarding in our homes, parishes, schools, hospitals, and other institutions.”
What didn’t it do?
Commission members quickly realized they needed to go beyond raising awareness and deal with the bishops who quietly shift offenders to new dioceses when they are exposed as molesters and rapists.
Even if church laws already existed to hold bishops accountable for their priests’ behavior, those strictures were not enough, O’Malley said in 2014.
“There are, theoretically I guess, canons that could apply here, but obviously they have not been sufficient,” he said.
The commission was behind Francis’ decision in 2015 to create a new tribunal to judge bishops caught covering up for abusive priests, and to fund it for five years.
But amid myriad legal questions over what exact powers the court would have, it never got off the ground.
In 2016, Francis officially killed the plan to create it, issuing a document that essentially called on using existing procedures to tackle the problem.
Francis was also criticized when Australian Cardinal George Pell, whom he had brought to Rome to clean up Vatican finances, was forced to return to Australia last year to face charges of sexual assault.
Any other problems?
Commission members said bishops should call the police when they discovered predator priests, rather than phone the nearest religious retreat to “park” the priest out of harm’s way.
But this simple message was hard to get across.
It emerged that during a Vatican training course for new bishops in September 2015 a French priest informed bishops they had no obligation to report abuse to the police, forcing the commission to issue a strong statement saying bishops had every obligation to do so.
Did commission members persevere?
Not all of them.
British member Peter Saunders, a former victim of priestly abuse, was ousted in 2016.
He said the group was a toothless, paper-shuffling exercise.
Irish member Marie Collins, another victim, resigned in March last year and said Vatican bureaucrats had refused to comply with the commission’s request — approved by the pope — to respond to all letters sent to the Vatican by abuse victims.
Marie Collins, then a member of the pope's sex abuse commission, in 2015 hands a letter to Cardinal Sean O'Malley detailing the abuse suffered by Juan Carlos Cruz of Chile.
Catherine Bonnet / Associated Press
Was the pope listening to the commission?
Possibly not.
In 2015, Collins handed O’Malley a letter addressed to the pope from Juan Carlos Cruz, a Chilean abused as a boy by Chilean prelate Fernando Karadima, who was sentenced by the Vatican to a lifetime of penance in 2010.
Cruz described how the abuse was witnessed and covered up by Juan Barros, a priest whose appointment as a bishop in 2015 prompted huge protests in Chile.
The pope has stuck by Barros, dismissing the protesters as “lefties” and hugging Barros publicly during his visit to Chile last month.
"I can't condemn [Barros] because I don't have evidence," he said on the plane back to Rome, suggesting he had ignored or never read the letter from Cruz.
That was too much for O’Malley, who said Francis had caused "great pain” to victims.
If Francis was not listening to the commission about Barros, whom was he listening to?
Vatican watchers believe the pope was influenced by Chilean Cardinal Francisco Javier Errazuriz, a member of the G9 group who has backed Barros and reportedly helped block moves to make Cruz a member of the abuse commission.
So is the pope intransigent on Barros?
No.
Something changed his mind after his Chilean trip, possibly the scale of the protest against Barros in the country.
On Feb. 17, he sent a senior Vatican sex abuse investigator, Archbishop Charles Scicluna, to New York to interview Cruz, who now lives in Philadelphia.
"For the first time I felt that someone is listening," Cruz said after the meeting.
What happens next?
“This should lead to Barros stepping down,” said Saunders, who is forming his own campaign group with Cruz and others to fight clerical abuse.
The new papal commission will meanwhile hold its first meeting in April.
Support our journalism Please consider subscribing today to support stories like this one.
Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks.
Already a subscriber?
Your support makes our work possible.
Thank you.
Kington is a special correspondent.
Dem Congressman Corrects ADL's Claim That He Isn't Into Farrakhan

The media has maintained a tight embargo on the release of the photo of Obama meeting with Nation of Islam hate group leader Louis Farrakhan at a Congressional Black Caucus meeting.
Almost no national media outlet has covered the story.
CNN only mentioned it when it embedded Jake Tapper's tweets about the support for Farrakhan by Women's March leaders.
But Rep. Danny Davis had defended Farrakhan.
Democratic Illinois Rep. Danny Davis defended Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan as an “outstanding human being” on Monday.
Farrakhan’s history of racially extreme comments includes blaming Jews for the September 11 attacks, saying white people “deserve to die” and praising Adolf Hitler as a “very great man.” “I personally know [Farrakhan], I’ve been to his home, done meetings, participated in events with him,” Davis told TheDC.
The JTA's awkward attempt to whitewash the newly revealed CBC anti-Semitism included a claim from the ADL that Rep. Davis had been misquoted.
An ADL official told JTA on Friday that the group had reached out to Rep. Danny Davis, a Democrat, after an article in The Daily Caller said he lauded Farrakhan on Monday as “an outstanding human being.” Farrakhan has calledJews “the enemy of God and the enemy of the righteous,” and said Jews were responsible for the 9/11 terror attacks and the rise of the Ku Klux Klan in the 20th century.
“The congressman was insistent that The Daily Caller misquoted him during the interview and that he didn’t subscribe to Farrakhan’s anti-Semitic statements and actions in the past,” the ADL official told JTA in a statement.
“He expressed an interest in seeing some of the latest statements made by Farrakhan vis-a-vis Jews, which we promptly shared with him.” The official said the ADL had shared information with Davis about Farrakhan’s anti-Semitic statements, and that the organization was waiting to hear back from him.
Now, Rep. Davis would really like to emphasize that the ADL is wrong and he loves Farrakhan.
Democratic Illinois Rep. Danny Davis confirmed in an interview Sunday that he has a personal relationship with Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, a notorious anti-Semite, and said he isn’t bothered by Farrakhan’s position on “the Jewish question.” Farrakhan has repeatedly denounced Jews as “satanic,” praised Hitler as a “very great man” and has said that white people “deserve to die.” The congressman wasn’t sure why the ADL wrote that he had been misquoted in his praise for the anti-Semite, and said he wasn’t sure if someone from his office had told the ADL he was misquoted, he told The Daily Caller News Foundation on Sunday.
“I think that was what they wanted to write.
Nah, I don’t have no problems with Farrakhan, I don’t spend a whole lot of my time dealing with those kind of things,” Davis said.
“That’s just one segment of what goes on in our world.
The world is so much bigger than Farrakhan and the Jewish question and his position on that and so forth.
For those heavy into it, that’s their thing, but it ain’t my thing,” he said
The people who talk about the "Jewish question" are generally anti-Semites.
Somehow I don't think a white congressman would get away with saying that he agrees with David Duke on the environment but isn't especially concerned about his racism.
But black leaders have gotten away with playing that game with Farrakhan repeatedly.
But the ADL and the JTA will whitewash this again.
And if they can't whitewash this, they'll ignore it.
South Florida Muslim Leader Sofian Zakkout’s David Duke Day

David Duke, the white supremacist icon and former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, has been denounced by many as a hatemonger, and rightfully so.
However, one individual who represents the Muslim community of South Florida, Sofian Zakkout, is enamored with Duke and has been promoting Duke’s bigoted work for many years.
Last month, once again, Zakkout chose to showcase this work by posting four consecutive Duke videos on his (Zakkout’s) personal Facebook page.
The postings can be rivaled only by Zakkout’s own documented bigotry.
Sofian Abdelaziz Zakkout is the President of the American Muslim Association of North America (AMANA).
He has ties to two dozen mosques stretching from Palm Beach County down to Miami-Dade.
On September 21, 2017, Zakkout took to Facebook and posted four David Duke videos.
Three of the videos were put out by Duke’s official website, DavidDuke.com, one referring to CNN news anchor Wolf Blitzer as a “Jewish Zionist Agent.” The fourth video was a news report featuring a clip of Duke being interviewed at a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia this past August.
At this same rally, a white nationalist plowed his car into a group of people who were protesting the rally, killing one.
This was not the first time Zakkout has promoted David Duke.
Indeed, he has done so for years.
In February 2016, Zakkout publicized on his Facebook page a bizarre Duke report, titled in part ‘Dr.
David Duke Exposes the Real Racist Jewish Supremacists Who Orchestrate the Destruction of European Mankind…’ Above the posting, Zakkout wrote of Duke, “I respect him for his honesty!”
In October 2015, Zakkout posted to Facebook a Duke video, within which Duke makes the wild claim that there has been a “complete takeover of American foreign policy and… American politics by Jewish extremists.” Above the video on Facebook, Zakkout praised Duke, exclaiming “David Duke, a man to believe in!”
In July 2010, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) condemned Zakkout and his group AMANA for featuring another anti-Semitic Duke video on the AMANA website.
The ADL described the video as “venomous.” Currently, AMANA’s official website contains one more Duke video.
David Duke’s bigoted and inciting material is not the only hate Zakkout promotes.
He also pedals much bigotry coming from others, including himself.
In July 2017, Zakkout posted on his Facebook page a four-minute portion of a speech given by Louis Farrakhan at the Nation of Islam’s February 2017 Saviors’ Day.
On the video, Farrakhan repeatedly refers to Jews as “Satan.” He states to his audience: “Really, they’re not Jews.
No, that’s Satan.
You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘Satan.’ You’re coming face to face with Satan, the Arch Deceiver, the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous.”
In June 2016, Zakkout clicked ‘like’ under someone else’s Facebook posting (on Zakkout’s personal Facebook page) of a grotesque cartoon containing a worried-looking religious Jew hiding behind an animated tree with a bearded man brandishing a rifle coming towards them.
The tree is speaking to the man in Arabic, saying “Oh Muslim!
Oh Muslim!
There is a Jew behind me.
Come and kill him.”
In April 2016, Zakkout promoted a report discussing the absurd notion of Jewish involvement in the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
A photo from the report shows the burning towers with a Jewish Star affixed to one.
The report begins, “It ain’t debatable!
Soup to nuts, top to bottom, the 9/11/01 terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington D.C. were an ‘Israeli’-Jewish job.” The website which published the report and which Zakkout linked to is Mouqawamah Music, a site that openly calls for “Death to Israel” and labels the Jewish religion “wicked and filth-ridden.”
In February 2016, Zakkout circulated on social media a report claiming that “the Holocaust was faked.” It begins: “The alleged ‘Holocaust’ of ‘6 million Jews’ at the hands of Adolf Hitler and National Socialist Germany during WWII is the biggest lie ever foisted upon humanity.” It was produced by The Realist Report, an anti-Jew, anti-black, anti-gay independent media outlet, which describes Hitler as “the greatest leader in modern Western history.”
In December 2015, Zakkout posted a photo of Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Chief of Staff Gadi Eizenkot, who is a decorated veteran of many different wars and battles fought by Israel over the last three-plus decades.
Above the picture of Eizenkot, Zakkout wrote in Arabic, “You’re a Jew, the grandson of a monkey and a pig.” He signed it “Sofian.” This is one of many times Zakkout has referred to Jews as “monkeys and pigs.”
In July 2014, Zakkout organized a pro-Hamas rally held outside the Israeli Consulate in downtown Miami.
On video, Zakkout is shown smiling, as event goers repeatedly shout, “We are Hamas.” After the rally, Zakkout wrote the following in Arabic, above photos from the event: “Thank God, every day we conquer the American Jews like our conquests over the Jews of Israel!” He signed it “Br.
Sofian Zakkout.”
South Florida Muslim leader Sofian Zakkout’s promotion of bigotry, whether borrowed from others or his own, has been evident for years.
Yet, there is no outcry from the community, not from Muslims, not from non-Muslims.
It has been virtually ignored by everyone, save this author and his colleague, Director of Militant Islam Monitor Beila Rabinowitz.
Despite their having been notified by this author about Zakkout’s perfidious activities, Zakkout remains an active member of the boards of Citizens’ Crime Watch of Miami-Dade County and Crime Stoppers of Miami-Dade County.
These organizations have provided and continue to provide Zakkout with a facade of respectability.
In reality, he has done nothing to serve the community and only attempts to divide it with his hatemongering.
It is time for Zakkout to be exposed and stripped of his public functions.
If people like David Duke and Louis Farrakhan can be condemned and repudiated for spreading their toxic hate, their fan and propagator Zakkout can and must be as well.
Beila Rabinowitz, Director of Militant Islam Monitor, contributed to this report.
West Virginia Middle School Instructs Children To Write Out Their Submission To Allah

We see this again and again: schoolchildren have to make the Islamic profession of faith or affirm Islam as fact, in public schools.
Then when administrators are confronted, they claim it was all just an educational exercise, not proselytizing.
But we never, ever see Judaism or Christianity or Hinduism or Buddhism taught as fact in public schools, or schoolchildren being forced to make professions of faith in those religions.
take our poll - story continues below
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
For some reason, this form of educational exercise is only ever used regarding Islam.
Now, why is that?
“Christian Parent Furious After School Instructs Children To Write Out Their Submission To Allah,” by Joshua Gill, Daily Caller News Foundation, May 17, 2018 (thanks to the Geller Report):
A West Virginia school has come under fire for instructing junior high students to write the Islamic profession of faith ostensibly to practice calligraphy.
Rich Penkoski, a Christian parent and founder of online ministry Warriors for Christ, raised alarms over a packet on Islam his daughter’s seventh grade social studies teacher issued to students, according to Christian Post.
The packet, edited from the full version of a world religions workbook, instructed students to practice writing the Shahada, or Islamic profession of faith, in Arabic calligraphy — an assignment that, if left undone, would result in detention, according to Penkoski’s daughter.
The Shahada states: “There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.” Penkoski called Mountain Ridge Middle School Principal Ron Branch and objected to the packet, saying it disturbed him and had misinformation about the history of calligraphy.
“I saw the assignment of writing the Shahada in Arabic.
Their excuse was calligraphy,” Penkoski told The Christian Post.
“I was like, ‘Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!’ First of all, calligraphy was invented in China 3,000 years prior to Muhammad.
The fact that they were trying to get my daughter to write that disturbed me.” “I said, ‘That is not happening.
My daughter is not doing that.’ My daughter told me that if she didn’t do the assignment, then she was going to get a [detention] slip,” Penkoski added….
There were two different calligraphy assignments — one involving the Shahada and another instructing students to practice writing English letters in calligraphy, Branch told Christian Post.
Hinson “told the students that they could do these activities if they wanted,” Branch claimed.
“The teacher has told her class several times that this is a study of world religions and that she is not trying to advocate for any religion over another.
She has told her class that if they had questions about religious beliefs, that those conversations should take place with their parents,” Branch added.
Penkoski claimed the teacher sent students home with the same packet the day after he lodged a complaint — this time, with certain sections crossed out but still including the Shahada assignment.
Penkoksi called the principal again and confronted Hinson over the phone.
“I said, ‘This is not OK in asking my kid to write down the Shahada.’ The teacher happened to walk-in and said she made it an option and that the kids didn’t have to do it.
My daughter conflicted that story and said, ‘No, that is not what was said.’ What was said was, ‘Do the assignment; and if you want to learn more about the Quran, ask your parents,’” Penkoski told Christian Post.
Each religion studied in the class, including Christianity and Judaism, received “equitable treatment,” Branch also told Christian Post.
He said the class spent a week and a half on Christianity and Judaism — other religions took one week — and discussed each religion’s beliefs, history and practices.
During the section on Christianity, “Jesus was taught,” Branch claimed.
“The students read the chapter in our textbook that discusses Christianity’s belief that Jesus is the Son of God, and salvation.
They also discussed the Sermon on the Mount, the Last Supper and Jesus’ Betrayal, the Trinity, and the Lord’s Prayer, among other topics,” Branch said.
Penkoski and his daughter, Brielle, contested Branch’s claims.
The Lord’s Prayer was not taught, and very little time was spent teaching about Jesus, they told Christian Post.
“We did [the unit on Christianity] over a week and two days.
We watched two different videos.
We didn’t finish them.
They taught a little bit about Moses and the Ten Commandments, Peter and Paul,” Brielle explained.
“We learned about the Israelites and how they are being persecuted by the Romans.
We were told about the Jews and told a little bit about Jesus.” Penkoski also shared with Christian Post the packets on Christianity and Judaism passed out in class and allegedly modified from the original full version.
While the packet on Islam contained verses from the Koran, the packets for those religions did not contain scripture and did not encourage students to write prayers or faith statements, he said.
“Notice no Bible verses, no reciting the Ten Commandments or the Lord’s Prayer,” he said.
“[There’s] no practicing writing in Hebrew as compared to the Islamic packet,” he added….
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Has Trump Opened the Door?

Sagacious gun owners have always known that the ultimate goal of gun control extremists such as Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Dianne Feinstein, et al., has always been gun confiscation.
The plan is not to “control” the private ownership of firearms; it is to PROHIBIT the private ownership of firearms.
Enacting ever-encroaching gun control laws is simply an incremental means to the ultimate end of gun confiscation and prohibition.
Donald Trump was elected on the promise of protecting the Second Amendment (among other things).
Instead, he has become the poster boy for one of the most egregious gun control machinations of all: gun confiscation.
As I reported in this column last week, in a bipartisan meeting with congressmen and senators recently, President Trump “voiced support for confiscating guns from certain individuals deemed to be dangerous, even if it violates due process rights.
“‘I like taking the guns early, like in this crazy man’s case that just took place in Florida … to go to court would have taken a long time,’ Trump said at a meeting with lawmakers on school safety and gun violence.
“‘Take the guns first, go through due process second,’ Trump said.
“Trump was responding to comments from Vice President Pence that families and local law enforcement should have more tools to report potentially dangerous individuals with weapons.
“‘Allow due process so no one’s rights are trampled, but the ability to go to court, obtain an order and then collect not only the firearms but any weapons,’ Pence said.
“‘Or, Mike, take the firearms first, and then go to court,’ Trump responded.”
See the column here:
Florida School Massacre Proves Police Are Worthless In Protecting Us
Well, Trump’s statements are now the rallying cry for gun grabbers all over America to enact gun confiscation laws.
So far, five states have passed “red flag” laws that allow police agencies to confiscate guns from someone deemed to be “dangerous” by either a law enforcement officer or a family member BEFORE the individual has committed any crime, and in one State (Rhode Island) the governor issued an executive order implementing a “red flag” law.
Here are the six states where the legislatures have already passed—or the governor has already issued an executive order implementing—“red flag” laws:
California
Connecticut
Indiana
Oregon
Washington
Rhode Island
And since Trump’s Stalinist statements, there are at least 24 additional states that are currently considering passing “red flag” laws.
These are:
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Delaware
Florida
Hawaii
Illinois
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
New Jersey
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Pennsylvania
Tennessee
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
And it’s not taking long for law enforcement agencies in the above states to begin their Naziesque assault on gun owners.
This report is from Seattle:Doubtless, many other states are also considering passing “red flag” laws.
“The city’s police department became the first law enforcement agency in the state to force the surrender of a firearm under a new law known as an ‘extreme risk protection order.’
“The incident involves a man who lives in Belltown, who neighbors said had been intimidating people for the past year – even staring-down customers through store-front windows with a gun holstered at his side.
“Mental illness is suspected, but that new law allowed police to legally disarm him.”
“The man, who we are not naming, is also well known to the bars and restaurants below his unit along Second Ave.
The volume of complaints convinced Seattle police to seek an extreme risk protection order – or ‘erpo’ – which allows law enforcement to legally remove guns from people deemed a danger to themselves or others.
“In this case, the man refused to comply.
Because of the new law, police were then able to return with a warrant and force the man to surrender the firearm.”
“A few dozen erpos have been served and executed around the state, but Seattle police said they are the only agency so far to seize a gun because the owner refused to hand it over.
“Law enforcement professionals said these specialized protection orders could be a common sense strategy to try and prevent mass shootings – such as what happened in Parkland, Florida.
“‘There’s certainly a big concern of the connection between mental health and people exhibiting violent behavior and whether or not they should have access to firearms.
The “erpos” give us that tool now as an option,’ said Sgt.
Eric Pisconski, who leads the crisis response unit for the Seattle Police Department.
“The confiscations only last a year, although they can be renewed.”
See the report here:
Seattle Police First In State To Seize Gun Under Mental Health Law
A few observations are in order here:
First, the open carry of a firearm is LEGAL in the area where this took place.
So, the fellow was violating NO gun laws whatsoever.
Plus, he never removed the pistol from its holster or brandished it in any way.
Secondly, the man was “known” to nearby bars and restaurants near his place of residence.
That means nothing.
Known for what?
The report doesn’t even say the man was known for acting weirdly or strangely.
It just says he was “known.” And even if he did act weirdly or strangely, if we denied constitutional rights to everyone in that category, a majority of Americans would have no rights, and ALL of Congress would have no rights.
Thirdly, what does “volume of complaints” mean?
How many complaints were received over a YEAR’S time?
Two?
Five?
Ten?
People complaining about other people happens all of the time.
Plus, if complaints had been received over the course of an entire year and police just now decided to act, the man must not have been considered much of a threat.
Fourthly, there was NO report of the man “exhibiting violent behavior,” as the police sergeant claims.
The report says “he had been intimidating people.” How?
No specifics except to say he was “staring” at people.
Wow!
Run for your lives!
Fifthly, a U.S. citizen who has committed NO CRIME is denied his Natural right of self-defense for a whole year.
And the media report says the confiscations “only” last a year, with the caveat that they may be extended.
Indeed.
They could and very likely will be extended indefinitely.
How many defenseless (unarmed) people are robbed, assaulted, accosted, beaten up, raped, wounded, paralyzed, or killed in a year’s time?
It seems many politicians (and many police officers themselves) will not be content until every American citizen is totally defenseless and unable to protect him or herself.
I tell you this with all seriousness: At some point, the American people will be forced to view these governmental attacks against our Second Amendment liberties as a declaration of war.
Sixthly, the man quoted in the news story who had complained about the armed fellow did so because he said he didn’t like the sight of the man carrying a firearm, as it made him “afraid.”
SO WHAT?
That the mere sight of a law-abiding citizen openly carrying a sidearm would make someone “afraid” is not sufficient reason to deny the citizen his constitutional right to keep and “bear” arms.
This “I’m offended” or “his gun scares me” complaint is nothing but cover for little Nazis to try and deny another person their Natural, God-given liberty.
But under this new “red flag” law in Washington State, police are now able to confiscate a person’s firearm without the person committing ANY crime—or even threatening to commit a crime.
Even when police forced the man to surrender his firearm, the man made no threatening gesture toward the officers.
Gun confiscation has started in America—and President Trump’s Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later is the banner under which this is happening.
When Trump promised to add “mental health” regulations to gun purchases and ownership, he opened Pandora’s Box.
I go into the “mental health” trap in more detail in this column:
Trump Set To Enact More Gun Control
“Mental health” regulations for gun ownership is what extremist gun grabbers Schumer, Pelosi, Feinstein, et al., have been trying to accomplish for decades.
Now, it is the “pro-gun” Republican President Donald Trump who is the one making it happen.
Kris Kobach is the Secretary of State of Kansas.
He is a former professor of constitutional law at UMKC Law School.
He wrote an excellent analysis of the constitutional violations of these “red flag” laws:
The seizure of guns without any hearing at all.
The laws all contain an “ex parte” provision that allows the state to temporarily seize a person’s guns without even notifying the gun owner or giving him a chance to be heard.
This is the quintessential denial of due process.
The Fourth Amendment makes clear that a person cannot be denied of liberty (to exercise one’s constitutional right to bear arms) without due process of law.
This confiscation is “temporary,” but it can easily lead to long-term or permanent confiscation.
Based on the testimony of one unrelated person.
The confiscation order can be based on the testimony of only one person claiming that the gun owner poses a risk to the safety of himself or others.
The law deceptively says that it has to be the testimony of a “family member.” [Most of the “red flag” laws, such as the one in Washington State, do not limit who can claim the gun owner poses a risk to the safety of himself or others to family members.]
But “family member” is defined to include “former dating partners” and anyone who has ever lived with the defendant.
So a jilted former boyfriend or girlfriend, or even a roommate from years ago, could easily set in motion the disarming of a lawful gun owner.
Using a very low standard of proof.
The standard for obtaining an ex parte order against a gun owner is absurdly low – one need only show “reasonable cause” to believe that the person may pose a risk.
That’s even lower than the “probable cause” standard for obtaining a search warrant.
In addition, the judge is forced to rush his decision and issue the confiscation order on the same day of the ex parte hearing.
Within two weeks of the ex parte hearing, a hearing with the gun owner present must occur; the purpose is to put in place a long-term confiscation order.
But even at that hearing, the standard of proof is far below the “beyond a reasonable doubt” standard used in criminal trials.
Rather, it need only be shown by “a preponderance of evidence” that the person poses a risk of injury to self or others.
What kind of evidence?
Things like the “reckless storage” of firearms and drinking habits can be considered.
If you keep a handgun in the bedside table and drink beer regularly, you may [be] in trouble.
Shifting the burden of proof to the gun owner.
The long-term confiscation order lasts up to a year, but may be renewed indefinitely.
Once it is in place, it becomes very difficult to remove.
To have the confiscation order lifted, the gun owner must provehe does not pose a threat to himself or others.
Proving a negative is nearly impossible.
Adding insult to injury, the bill even authorizes local law enforcement to charge the gun owner a storage fee for confiscating and storing his guns.
After the Parkland school shooting, had Donald Trump simply used his bully pulpit to promote arming teachers and school employees as a deterrent and defense against these school shootings without calling for more gun control, it would have been a HUGE boost for the Second Amendment in general and school safety in particular.
Instead, Trump fell in with anti-Second Amendment liberals and started calling for more gun control, adding “mental health” restrictions to gun purchases and making his stupid Stalinist statements about taking guns first and worrying about due process later.
As a result, anti-gun liberals all over the country are using Trump’s own words and proposed gun control policies as a rallying cry to enact gun confiscation laws.
As it stands right now, Donald Trump has opened the door for more damage being done to the Second Amendment than any other president, Democrat or Republican, in our lifetime.
Freedomists in the 50 states had better keep a close eye on their State legislatures this year and next, because, thanks to Donald Trump, gun confiscation is going to be on the agenda in virtually every single State in the country.
And while you are at it, don’t overlook the federal Congress.
No wonder Dianne Feinstein looked so deliriously (and devilishly) happy when Trump uttered his stupid comment about gun confiscation and said he wanted to bring an assault weapons ban (Feinstein’s bill) into proposed gun control legislation.
See the video here:
Watch Dianne Feinstein Erupt With Glee After Trump Seems To Endorse Her Assault Weapons Ban
But if you are a freedom-loving American who values your liberties and the God-given right to defend them, happy is NOT what you should be feeling right now.
You should be OUTRAGED at Donald Trump, and you should be absolutely determined to be ever vigilant against ANY attempt from Democrats or Republicans from federal, State, or municipal government to enact further restrictions against your right to keep and bear arms—because Trump has opened the door not only for more gun control but also for gun confiscation.
P.S.
One more time I want to remind readers that self-defense—including defense against tyrannical government—is more than a right guaranteed in the Second Amendment to our Constitution; it is a duty assigned us in Nature by our Creator.
For anyone, especially a Christian, to willingly surrender their means of self-defense is not only a crime against liberty; it is a sin against God.
I urge my Christian friends (and anyone else) to read the book my constitutional attorney son and I wrote entitled “To Keep or Not To Keep: Why Christians Should Not Give Up Their Guns.”
Mark it down: Any law demanding the citizenry to surrender their AR-15 rifles would be unconstitutional, unnatural, and unbiblical.
And NO Christian or other free man should ever comply with such a law.
I know that there is a plethora of pastors who teach that Christians ought to obey the government should it outlaw our guns.
THEY ARE WRONG.
They are wrong biblically, constitutionally, and morally.
Our book shows the Natural and Biblical duty of self-defense.
I don’t know of another book like it.
With all that is happening today, it is CRUCIAL that people (especially Christians) become familiar with the truths contained in this book.
I urge you to order one for yourself and one (at least) for your friends and kinfolk.
Reprinted with permission from Chuck Baldwin.
The Best of Chuck Baldwin
Archbishop Hebda and McCarrick's Scandal

Archbishop Bernard Hebda of St. Paul, MN, responds to the McCarrick scandal (The Catholic Spirit):
Every time Mass is celebrated, the priest prays that Jesus will “look not on our sins but on the faith of [his] Church… .” That’s been an important prayer for me in the time that I have been serving this archdiocese, well aware of our sins but equally aware of the strong and vibrant faith of this local Church.
I’ve been praying that prayer even more earnestly in these past weeks as the Church in the United States has once again come face-to-face with its sins, with reports that former cardinal Theodore McCarrick, one of the most prominent Churchmen in the United States in the last quarter century, has been accused of abusing two minors and sexually harassing or assaulting a number of seminarians and young priests.
To make matters worse (if that is even possible), evidence has surfaced that indicates that a bishop, as well as some priests and laity, had brought the allegations about misconduct with seminarians to the attention of Church authorities but to no avail: Archbishop McCarrick was nonetheless “promoted” to become the archbishop in our nation’s capital, and elevated to the College of Cardinals.
While I realize that it is not always easy to evaluate the credibility of those bringing allegations, and that there’s often a tendency to believe those we know over those we don’t, I don’t think that the Church in the United States will rest — and confidence will be restored — until the matter is independently investigated and explained, and assurances are given that there are safeguards in place to make sure that something like this couldn’t happen again.
The matter has been particularly troubling to me personally due to the fact that I had served in the Archdiocese of Newark as coadjutor archbishop from November 4, 2013, to March 25, 2016, when I was named archbishop here.
It was while I was in Newark that I was introduced to then-Cardinal McCarrick.
A number of good Catholics have written to ask for a personal accounting on my part, inquiring whether I was made aware in my time in Newark of the 2005 and 2007 settlements involving Archbishop McCarrick, or if I knew of any allegations against him.
I can state unequivocally that I learned of those settlements only in June of this year, as news broke about the unrelated claim that had been filed in the Archdiocese of New York.
What I know of the settlements I know from the newspapers.
When serving in Newark, I was regularly briefed on current legal matters of all sorts, but not on past legal matters (unless they were still being discussed in the press).
By the time I arrived in Newark in November 2013, the 2005 and 2007 settlements were apparently considered ancient history.
It would be untrue to state that I had never heard any allegations about Cardinal McCarrick.
Years before I ever lived in Newark, and never imagining that I would be assigned there, I had indeed read — as a somewhat geeky ex-lawyer — an allegation about Cardinal McCarrick in the context of a 2005 lawsuit in the Southern District of New York against Archbishop Myers, Cardinal Eagan, Bishop Hubbard and the Irish Christian Brothers.
While the complaint didn’t supply any details, the plaintiff was reported to have said to a journalist that “Archbishop McCarrick would share a bed with seminarians but not engage in any activity with them.” The complaint would later be formally amended to include that allegation.
Knowing, however, that this lawsuit was completely dismissed by the state and federal courts, I never gave the particular allegation about Cardinal McCarrick any credence.
I can also state without exception that no one in my years in Newark ever told me that they were improperly touched by Archbishop McCarrick, and no one ever told me that they had to share a bed with him or that they had seen anyone share a bed with him.
I heard lots of gut-wrenching stories in my two-and-a-half years there, but none of them involved Archbishop McCarrick.
With St. John Paul II’s 1995 visit, he was remembered for “bringing a saint to Newark,” not as an abuser of seminarians, minors or priests.
When I was installed here in St. Paul, he joined me at lunch along with my father, sister, godmother and then 12-year-old nephew.
I can assure you that I would never have allowed that to happen if I had any reason to know or even suspect the things that have been reported in the newspapers this past month.
While the letters and emails of recent days are sober reminders that there’s still a long way to go in restoring trust, I nonetheless welcome the efforts to hold me accountable to you, the faithful of this archdiocese.
The events of these past weeks have shown that no one can be above the law, regardless of rank or privilege.
I was grateful for the opportunity to reinforce that with our seminarians this past weekend, and I look forward to continuing my work with the Office of Ministerial Standards and Safe Environment, and our Archdiocesan Review Board, in creating a culture in which no one need be afraid or reluctant to bring forth an allegation of misconduct.
Our heavenly patron, St. Paul, reminds us that “where sin abounds, grace abounds all the more.” May these difficult days be days of great grace for this local Church.
REMNANT COMMENT: While we certainly appreciate His Excellency's candid explanation of what he knew and did not know about this horrific scandal in the Church, we would also humbly beg him to take it one step further by publicly proclaiming his profession of belief in the Church's official teaching against the mortal sin of homosexual acts and the so-called "gay lifestyle," which includes her long-held teaching that homosexual activity between clerics is an ecclesiastical crime.
Far from being reassured of this by their bishops, many Catholic faithful today are informed that the modern Catholic Church is now an "inclusive community" that "welcomes all" and "judges none."
All very well and good, except for the fact that the Church's constant and unchanging moral teaching on this makes no such allowance.
In fact, this binding and constant teaching of the Church was reaffirmed most recently in her most authoritative modern catechism, which holds the exact opposite position from that apparently held by many bishops:
Homosexuality refers to relations between men or between women who experience an exclusive or predominant sexual attraction toward persons of the same sex... Basing itself on Sacred Scripture, which presents homosexual acts as acts of grave depravity, tradition has always declared that "homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered."
They are contrary to the natural law.
They close the sexual act to the gift of life.
They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity.
Under no circumstances can they be approved.
(Catechism of the Catholic Church, 2357)
Under no circumstances…except for those dreamed up by a number of bishops in this country who apparently think that it should be left up to individual parishes to decide if they are LGBTQ-friendly or not.
Even Pope John Paul "The GREAT's" Vatican clarified the Church's teaching on October 31, 1986, in the “Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the Pastoral Care of Homosexual Persons”:
Although the particular inclination of the homosexual person is not a sin, it is a more or less strong tendency ordered toward an intrinsic moral evil; thus the inclination itself must be seen as an objective disorder.
Therefore special concern and pastoral attention should be directed to those who have this condition, lest they be led to believe that the living out of this orientation in homosexual activity is a morally acceptable option.
It is not.
Notice the late pope does not say, “Let the practicing homosexuals have a spiritual home among your faithful,” as Father James Martin and his episcopal fans are at least implying on a regular basis in the media.
Does Archbishop Hebda believe it is time for the Church to stop humiliating herself by stooping to accommodate a special interest group that obviously doesn't care about her or the moral code by which she governs?
Does he believe that all Catholics must follow the rules of the Church pertaining to the Sixth Commandment...or just the straight Catholics?
Does His Excellency believe that if some homosexual Catholics feel they need not bother following the rules they should be warmly welcomed into our "Catholic Christian" community anyway, even if they are in same-sex unions?
Pope John Paul certainly didn't accept that.
In his 2005 book Memory and Identity, John Paul referred to homosexuality as an “ideology of evil,” insisting of so-called 'gay marriage' that:
“It is legitimate and necessary to ask oneself if this is not perhaps part of a new ideology of evil, perhaps more insidious and hidden, which attempts to pit human rights against the family and man.”
Was Pope John Paul THE GREAT an intolerant homophobe?
Are Father Martin and his pals in the episcopacy really so enlightened over every pope, saint, and moral theologian in history?
Or is it not so that it is both negligent and uncharitable for some bishops to refuse to inform their faithful that according to the Church's own infallible teaching, everlasting damnation is the price to be paid for this kind of inclusivity and toleration?
And if the episcopal retort is going to be that this acceptance refers only to chaste homosexuals, then we call FOUL even louder since this crosses the line into willful deception.
We're all sinners, of course--- and the Church already accepts repentant homosexuals as they are, just as she accepts repentant practitioners of ANY sins of the flesh.
So why are our bishops playing dumb?
Quite obviously, it is because what they are actually closing an episcopal eye to are the folks who want to keep right on sinning--and sinning proudly.
This is what the Church of Accompaniment is all about!
But, practically speaking--in the real world--this kind of "accompaniment" is only green-lighting vice and mortal sin, and as such constitutes a hideous violation of everything these bishops supposedly believe as Catholic priests.
So what's going on here?
Who are these bishops that think they can play fast and loose not only with the moral theology of the Catholic Church, but also with the immortal souls of their flock?
Is it any wonder that priests and laity alike are changing their attitude on the "gay lifestyle" and violations of the Sixth Commandment when so many bishops are working to remove the stigma attached to this sin that Scripture tells us cries to heaven for vengeance?
The Catholic Church's new-found "climate of tolerance" is exactly what McCarrick and company are counting on!
It is truly homophobic for any bishop to lie to the gay community about this, and to risk the immortal souls of the sheep merely so that the shepherd might pride himself on occupying the politically correct high ground.
This is gross dereliction of duty, and we hope and pray that all the good U.S. bishops would jump at the opportunity to issue statements reaffirming the Church's clear teaching against all sins of the flesh, homo- and heterosexual.
Again, God bless Archbishop Hebda for this welcome statement, and may God grant him the courage now to finish the task by publicly reassuring the scandalized faithful that it’s not just abuse of minors or sexual harassment that’s going on here.
Our bishops must make it absolutely clear that the Church's moral theology on homosexuality will not and can not be trumped by the dictates of political correctness.
And neither can God's law be changed to accommodate the spirit of our “most enlightened” age---which is, of course, an evil spirit that can be driven out only by prayer and fasting.
Until the Church and her bishops get back to reaffirming traditional Catholic teaching on human sexuality we can forget about seeing an end to the sexual abuse crisis and the massive problem of homosexuality in the clergy.
McCarrick will become the norm, not the exception, and confidence in the leadership and moral authority of the Catholic Church will remain in the toilet indefinitely... exactly as the forces of darkness intended all along.
Facebook Bans Outline to Stop Jihadi Attacks on Americans.

[Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 for his article on how to best prevent more 9/11s, pre-order Jamie's new book, Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us: HERE.
The book illustrates how the Jihadist Psychopath has successfully built his totalitarian plantation -- on which many in the West are now enslaved and dutifully following his orders.
Jamie outlines the frameworks of this tyrannical plantation and how those who are trapped on it, and yearn for freedom, can best escape.]
Reprinted from WND.com.
Somewhere in the “community standards” that Facebook demands everyone follow is a real doozy.
The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent jihadi attacks on Americans.
It’s all about Glazov’s new book, “Jihadist Psychopath: How He Is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us.”
At FrontPage Magazine, where he is editor, he had posted “9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad,” which included recommendations such as “Label the enemy and make a threat assessment” and “Stop ‘partnering’ with Muslim Brotherhood front groups.”
That apparently was too much for Facebook, which declared “only you can see this post” because it “goes against our Community Standards.”
He was suspended from Facebook for 30 days on Sept. 11, the anniversary of the Islamic jihadist attack on America that killed nearly 3,000.
Glazov told Breitbart, “This is really getting surreal in the creepiest and most harrowing Stalinist sense.”

FrontPage Magazine reported:
Facebook’s Unholy Alliance masters are, without doubt, accelerating their totalitarian suffocation of free thought and expression.
It is no surprise, therefore, that Frontpage’s editor, and host of ‘The Glazov Gang,’ was suspended from Facebook for 30 days yesterday, on September 11, after posting his article, ‘9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad.’ Glazov believed that the article was more relevant and urgent than ever due to the skyrocketing jihadist stabbings in Europe — and to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 that was approaching the next day.
The report said it appears “that daring to give suggestions on how our civilization can stop jihadist attacks and another 9/11 is against Facebook’s ‘community standards.
'”
“Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting moderate Muslims – a move that is, clearly, horrifying to Facebook’s masters and therefore also violates their ‘community standards,'” the report said.
No doubt, Glazov’s consistent campaigning on behalf of Muslim women and girls in his efforts to protect them from FGM, honor killings and other Shariah barbarities, has gained him the anger and hatred of Facebook’s guardians — who are clearly on the side of the Shariah enforcers and oppressors of Muslim women and girls.
The report recalls that Facebook censored Glazov in April for posting screenshots of a Muslim’s threat to him.
Twitter also lashed out at him for quoting directly from Islamic religious texts, citing its anti-“hate” policies.
It is ‘hateful conduct,’ apparently, to reference what Islamic texts themselves say.
Indeed, Frontpage’s editor had simply referred to Sahih Bukhari’s texts discussing Mohammed’s marriage to Aisha when she was six years old (7.62.88) and to Quranic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50).
Facebook also refused to respond to Glazov’s inquiry about “what it is specifically that violates Facebook’s ‘community standards’ when a person gives advice on how to best defend American lives from jihad.”
Glazov has written about the subject in previous books, including “High Noon for America: The Coming Showdown” and “United in Hate.”
In his “9 Steps” article, he points out that the Obama administration was “cooperating with, and listening to, Muslim Brotherhood front groups such as CAIR and ISNA.”
The government needs, he said, to “implement a concrete ‘countering-jihad’ strategy.”
And he said it needs to affirm “Shariah’s assault on the U.S. Constitution as seditious.”
A last key point, the said, is to ridicule the enemy.
Ridicule is a vicious and potent weapon.
There is a baffling and shameful silence in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Shariah and jihad that merit at least a million hilarious satirical sketches.
Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit.
American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also vigorously defend them from the attacks and slanders they will inevitably receive from totalitarian leftist and Islamic forces.
No Justice for Kate Steinle

A San Francisco jury on Thursday found Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, also known as Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, not guilty of the murder of Kate Steinle on a San Francisco pier on July 1, 2015.
The jury of six men and six women, including three immigrants, found the Mexican national not guilty of all murder and manslaughter charges and guilty only of felony possession of a firearm.
For Garcia’s Zarate’s attorney, Matt Gonzalez, Ralph Nader’s running mate in the 2008 presidential election, the trial was all about Donald Trump.
“For those who might criticize this verdict – there are a number of people who have commented on this case in the last couple of years,” Gonzalez said after the verdict, “the Attorney General of the United States and the President and Vice President of the United States.
Let me just remind them, they are themselves under investigation by a special prosecutor in Washington D.C. and they may soon avail themselves of the presumption of innocence beyond a reasonable doubt, so I ask that they reflect on that before they comment or disparage the results of this case.”
“From day one this case was used as a means to foment hate, to foment division and to foment a program of mass deportation,” added defense attorney Francisco Ugarte.
“It was used to catapult a presidency along that philosophy of hate of others.
I believe today is a day of vindication for the rights of immigrants.”
Alex Bastian of the San Francisco prosecutor’s office told reporters the verdict “was not the one we were hoping for,” but the Steinle family could be forgiven for any reasonable doubts about the prosecution.
“We’re just shocked — saddened and shocked ... that’s about it,” Jim Steinle, Kate’s father, told the San Francisco Chronicle.
“There’s no other way you can coin it.
Justice was rendered, but it was not served.” Kate’s brother Brad was “stunned that they couldn’t even get him on using the weapon.”
Attorney David Wohl told Fox News that with negligent discharge of a firearm, the defendant’s action met every standard for involuntary manslaughter.
The verdict, Wohl said, was “an utter and complete and total failure by the prosecutor.”
Conservative Ben Shapiro told Fox news the verdict was “horrifying.
.
.
Politics trumps evidence in California once again.” For Jeff Sessions San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy “led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle.” According to the Attorney General’s statement, the Justice Department “will continue to ensure that all jurisdictions place the safety and security of their communities above the convenience of criminal aliens.”
For his part, President Trump tweeted: “A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case!
No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.”
Mexican national Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, 54, is a seven-time felon and has been deported five times.
In 2015 federal authorities sought to detain him for deportation.
San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi chose to defy the feds and release the Mexican national.
On July 1, 2015, the criminal illegal picked up a Sig Sauer .40 caliber pistol, stolen from a Bureau of Land Management officer, and fired the shot that killed Kate Steinle, only 32 years old.
The Mexican nation and career criminal enjoyed all the rights of the American legal system, the presumption of innocence, and a high-profile defense attorney funded by American taxpayers.
During the trial, former vice presidential candidate Matt Gonzalez claimed that Garcia Zarate’s background and nationality played a role in his prosecution.
As Gonzalez argued, “If this was a college student or Swedish kid would he be charged with murder?”
That sort of politically correct nonsense plays well in San Francisco, so any observer of the case could be forgiven for believing that prosecution and defense both got the outcome they wanted, regardless of the tragedy for the Steinle family.
The felony firearms charge, the only charge on which Garcia Zarate was found guilty, carries a sentence of 16 months to 3 years.
Since Garcia Zarate has been languishing in jail, the authorities could commute any sentence to time served and he could walk free within weeks.
San Francisco is not likely to hand the felon over to ICE for deportation.
Should that happen, Garcia Zarate has already proved five times that anybody can get away with violating U.S. immigration law.
He has already proved that in the sanctuary state of California, false-documented illegals are a privileged class.
Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, or whatever his real name is, has also proved that a career criminal who is not even supposed to be in the country can literally get away with murder in broad daylight.
When that happens, the killer’s public defender will call it a “vindication for the rights of immigrants.”
In San Francisco, and across California, this verdict will surely give new meaning to the cry of “no justice, no peace.”
Blue Privilege: Amber Guyger Free on Bail as Activists Who Peacefully Protested Her Rot in Jail

The case of Amber Guyger, the police officer who admitted to shooting 26-year-old Botham Jean in his apartment for no reason, is a glaring example of “blue privilege” at work in our society.
Guyger claims that she accidentally entered the wrong apartment and shot a man who she thought was a burglar, however, eyewitness testimony has contradicted her initial statement.
Despite admitting to killing an innocent man and having her initial statement contradicted by witness testimony, Guyger has been treated as more of a victim than a killer.
In fact, Guyger’s apartment was never even searched for evidence, and she was allowed to “vacate” the premises without any type of search.
By not searching her apartment immediately, police ruined the investigation, making it harder to prosecute her.
It would be reasonable to assume that these steps were taken intentionally because they want to see her get away with it.
take our poll - story continues below
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Meanwhile, Botham Jean, the actual victim, had his house searched immediately.
Police claim to have found a very small amount of marijuana, which they attempted to use to smear his name and somehow justify the killing.
It is obvious in this case that Guyger is receiving special treatment, not only did she get away without a search, but she turned herself in at her own convenience and was let out two hours later.
Not even the richest people in the country with the best lawyers would receive this type of treatment if they just admitted to killing an innocent person.
There has also been controversy over the fact that Guyger has been charged with manslaughter instead of murder, which will make it possible for her to receive a much short prison sentence.
As Guyger walks free awaiting her trial, the 9 people who were arrested protesting the murder and Guyger’s special treatment are still sitting behind bars.
After a ceremony for Botham Jean, the protesters were arrested for obstructing traffic.
Attorney Lee Merritt, who represents Botham Jean’s family, posted an update about the injustice on Twitter.
I just learned the Dallas 9 will spend another night in jail for peacefully protesting brutality.
Tues Officer Wiley will be tried for shooting an unarmed man 2x he wrongfully suspected of burglarizing his own car.
D-9 have already spent more time in jail then he ever has.
pic.twitter.com/mGHOzsN6Pp — S. Lee Merritt, Esq.
(@MeritLaw) September 17, 2018
“The officer responsible for the completely unjustifiable shooting death of O’Shea Terry has been returned to light duty and has faced no criminal charges whatsoever.
The officer who shot and killed Botham Jean remains on the Dallas police force and was able to bond out on manslaughter charges in a fraction of the time the protestors have spent in jail,” Merritt said in a statement.
Merrit cast suspicion on the police for intentionally keeping these protestors in jail to send a message and make an example out of them.
The reaction from the police, in this case, has shown that they believe they have a license to kill and that they cannot be trusted to monitor themselves and keep one another in check.
They have no interest in serving justice when it comes to enforcing crimes against their own.
Article posted with permission from John Vibes.
Why Louis Farrakhan Is Back in the News

Louis Farrakhan, the 84-year-old head of the Nation of Islam, has been back in the headlines after a previously unreleased photo of him with President Barack Obama was published in January and Mr. Farrakhan gave an anti-Semitic speech at his organization’s annual convention last month.

The Feb. 25 speech, which was given at an event for Saviour’s Day, a religious gathering of the Nation, ran for almost three hours.
During it, Mr. Farrakhan said that the “powerful Jews” were his enemies, and that Jews were “responsible for all of this filth and degenerate behavior that Hollywood is putting out turning men into women and women into men,” as well as other incendiary remarks.

A religious fundamentalist whose group has been condemned by the Southern Poverty Law Center, Mr. Farrakhan is fervently opposed to the legitimacy of the state of Israel, and his political positions regarding the country frequently spill over into bigoted remarks about Jews, which is why many public officials have avoided association with him.
Mr. Farrakhan has denied that he is anti-Semitic and has even said that his father may have been Jewish.

Much of the recent coverage has been focused on Tamika Mallory, one of the heads of the Women’s March organization, who attended the Feb. 25 speech, and on Representative Danny Davis, a Democrat of Illinois, who defended Mr. Obama and Mr. Farrakhan after the photo came to light.
Their reluctance to condemn Mr. Farrakhan has led to criticism from across the ideological spectrum this week.

What is the Nation of Islam?
The Nation of Islam is a political and religious movement that was started by W.D.
Fard Muhammad in 1931 and continued by Elijah Muhammad in 1933.
It first became prominent after a man named Malcolm Little joined the organization.
Encouraged by Elijah Muhammad, he changed his last name to X and became a minister in the movement.

Edward E. Curtis IV, the author of “Black Muslim Religion in the Nation of Islam,” said that while estimates ranged wildly about how many bona fide members belonged to the Nation, he believes that there were tens of thousands of members in the 1960s and early 1970s.
But he said that millions of others sympathized with the movement’s anticolonial stance and were inspired by its most famous member, Muhammad Ali.

Who is Louis Farrakhan?
Born Louis Eugene Walcott in New York in 1933, Mr. Farrakhan joined the Nation of Islam in the mid-1950s and rose quickly within the organization, becoming close to Malcolm X.
After the assassination of Malcolm X in 1965, he became one of the most powerful members of the Nation and its chief spokesman, the position that Malcolm X had held.

The Nation of Islam had gained followers around the nation in the 1940s and ’50s by providing something of a religious answer to antiblack racism.
It was not widely recognized as an anti-Jewish organization during its early years (its early literature, though, focused on “the white man” as “the white devil”).
But in 1967, it became outspokenly and flagrantly anti-Zionist, in an expression of solidarity with Palestinians.
That political position became a vehicle for Mr. Farrakhan to express his anti-Semitism.
(Among his more infamous comments is his 1984 description of Adolf Hitler as “a very great man.”)

In 1975, when Elijah Muhammad died, the Nation split into two factions.
The faction reconstituted under Mr. Farrakhan in the late 1970s retained the original name, though not the influence or support that it had when its leaders were Malcolm X, Muhammad Ali and Elijah Muhammad.
Mr. Curtis said that today the membership could be in the thousands, and there could even be as many as 10,000 followers.
Mr. Farrakhan, whose name, the Anti-Defamation League wrote after the February event, is “virtually synonymous with anti-Semitism,” then drew national attention in 1984, when he exhorted his followers to support Jesse Jackson’s bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.

In a radio address, he urged listeners to “make an example” of a Washington Post reporter who had reported that Mr. Jackson had used anti-Semitic terms in private.
Mr. Jackson repudiated Mr. Farrakhan, but the minister’s support proved troublesome to his 1988 campaign as well.

He was back in the news in 1995 when he organized what became known as the “Million Man March,” a political and religious revival event in Washington.

Why were Tamika Mallory and Danny Davis reluctant to denounce him?
Ms. Mallory, who declined to comment for this article, did not respond to calls to condemn Mr. Farrakhan, for whom she had expressed admiration in the past.

On March 3, she said on Twitter that someone had brought to her attention that she had yet to tweet “my absolute position on how wrong anti-Semitism is.” A day later, she said that she was “committed to ending anti-black racism, anti-Semitism, homophobia & transphobia,” but did not mention Mr. Farrakhan.

In an essay posted Wednesday, she said that she had been attending Saviour’s Day celebrations for over 30 years.

“In that most difficult period of my life, it was the women of the Nation of Islam who supported me and I have always held them close to my heart for that reason,” she said.
The essay did not mention Mr. Farrakhan.
Asked what the appeal of Mr. Farrakhan’s views might be to people like Ms. Mallory, religious scholars emphasized that the Nation of Islam is a religion and can provide comfort and aid to its adherents.

“For those who find it appealing, it is a form of radical black self love that is willing to challenge any potential impediment to black freedom,” Mr. Curtis said.

Yvonne Chireau, a professor of religion at Swarthmore who called Mr. Farrakhan’s remarks about Jews “unbelievably vile,” emphasized that his fundamentalism was comparable to the fundamentalist views found in other religions.

Coincidentally, the photo of Mr. Farrakhan and Mr. Obama had been published by the Trice Edney News Wire in January.
The News Wire reported that the picture had been taken by the photojournalist Askia Muhammad during a 2005 meeting of the Congressional Black Caucus and that Mr. Muhammad kept the photo under wraps so as not to hurt Mr. Obama’s candidacy.

(Mr. Muhammad, in a 2012 blog post, said that he was an admirer of Mr. Farrakhan and that the minister was not an anti-Semite.
He reaffirmed that he admired Mr. Farrakhan in an interview on Friday, though he said that the things the minister says about Jewish people “sometimes make me shudder.”)

Katie Hill, a spokeswoman for Mr. Obama, said on Friday: “President Obama has denounced racism and anti-Semitism his entire life.
That includes his public and repeated repudiations of Louis Farrakhan’s views over the years.
Today is no different — he still rejects the harmful and divisive views Farrakhan continues to espouse.”

Representative Davis, who was interviewed by The Daily Caller, a conservative news site, after the photo emerged, called Mr. Farrakhan an “outstanding human being,” and later said he was not bothered by the leader’s position on “The Jewish Question.”

After a monthlong backlash about that interview, largely in conservative media, Mr. Davis said in a statement to Forward on Thursday that “I reject, condemn and oppose Minister Farrakhan’s views and remarks regarding the Jewish people and the Jewish religion.”
Swiss bishop signs statement calling Pope’s reading of Amoris Laetitia “alien” to the Catholic Faith

NewsCatholic Church, Family, Marriage
ROME, February 2, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) —His Excellency Marian Eleganti, auxiliary bishop of Chur in Switzerland, today added his name to the “Profession of Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage,” bringing the total number of signatories to eight bishops and one cardinal, LifeSite has confirmed.
Bishop Eleganti’s support of the profession comes just three days after Bishop Athanasius Schneider, auxiliary of Astana, Kazakstan, invited the world’s bishops to sign the document and join in raising a common voice in defense of the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage.
“God decides the time, and the time will come when the Pope and the episcopacy again will proclaim, with all clarity, unambiguity and beauty, the sanctity of marriage, and of the family, and of the Eucharist,” Schneider told LifesiteNews in an exclusive Jan. 15 interview.
Raising a Common Voice
In conversation with LifeSiteNews, Schneider said greater public support of the document from the world’s 5,000 bishops would be “a stronger voice for professing the constant truths of the Church, and it would be a beautiful common voice defending the sanctity and the indissolubility of marriage in the midst of a real neo-pagan society where divorce has become a plague and where sexual depravity is increasingly spreading.”
The Profession of Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage was issued by three Kazakh Ordinaries, including Bishop Schneider, in early January.
In the document, the three bishops solemnly professed the Church’s received teaching and discipline regarding sacramental marriage and the limited conditions (see Familiaris Consortio, n. 84) under which Catholics who are divorced and “remarried” may receive sacramental absolution and Holy Communion.
They presented their profession “before God who will judge us,” in response to certain pastoral norms issued by several bishops’ conferences aimed at implementing chapter 8 of Pope Francis’ apostolic exhortation on the family, Amoris Laetitia.
Some of these norms, Schneider told LifeSiteNews, give “implicit approval” of divorce and of sexual activity outside a valid marriage.
Such a reading is causing “rampant confusion,” will spread “a plague of divorce” in the Church, and is “alien” to the Church’s entire faith and Tradition, the three bishops said in the profession.
“This is contrary to Divine Revelation,” Schneider further told LifeSite, adding that the “beautiful explanations” that are being presented to clergy and faithful as “discernment” and “pastoral accompaniment,” or a “change of paradigm” and “discovery of the subjective part of the truth,” when translated into “common sense language,” are tantamount to an allowance to sin.
“Our conscience as bishops calls to us to do this,” Schneider explained.
“We were forced by our conscience, in the conscience of the Successors of the Apostles and colleagues of the Pope.”
As Successors of the Apostles, Schneider said they “could not act in another way.”
Bishop Marian Eleganti
The profession’s most recent signatory, Bishop Marian Eleganti, O.S.B., is a monk of the abbey of the Missionary Benedictines in St. Otmarsberg in Uznach, located in the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.
He was ordained to the priesthood on June 23, 1995.
In July 1999, the monks of St. Otmarsberg Abbey (the youngest abbey in Switzerland) elected Eleganti the second abbot of the monastery.
The Missionary Benedictines in Uznach belong to the Benedictine Congregation of St. Ottilien near Munich, with branches in Europe, East, West and South Africa, South America, Cuba and the USA, India, Korea, China, Kazakhstan and the Philippines.
In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Abbot Marian Eleganti as auxiliary bishop of the diocese of Chur, Switzerland.
He was ordained a bishop on Jan. 31, 2010.
Since 2011, Bishop Eleganti has served as the Swiss Youth Bishop for German-speaking Switzerland on behalf of the Swiss Bishops’ Conference, and as vicar for religious and monastic communities.
He is also the vicar for the philosophical-theological education and ongoing formation and training of pastoral workers.
Bishop Marian Eleganti’s public support of the Profession of Immutable Truths about Sacramental Marriage brings the number of signatories to nine.
To date, in addition to the three original signatories from Kazakstan, the following prelates have signed the profession: Cardinal Janis Pujats, Emeritus Archbishop Metropolitan of Riga, Latvia; Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò, former apostolic nuncio to the United States; His Excellency Luigi Negri, Archbishop emeritus of Ferrara-Comacchio, Italy; Bishop Andreas Laun, Emeritus Auxiliary of Salzburg, Austria; and His Excellency Rene Gracida, Bishop emeritus of Corpus Christi, Texas, USA.
Former Navy Sailor Pardoned By Trump To Sue Obama & Comey

Kristian Saucier, a former Navy sailor who served a year in federal prison for taking photos of classified sections of the submarine he worked on but was later pardoned by President Donald Trump, says that he is going to pursue a lawsuit against several Obama administration members, including Former FBI Director James Comes and Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah.
The same FBI that gave Hillary Clinton a pass for operating an illegal email server, which we have evidence for the fact that she sent and received classified documents through resulting in a national security breach and at least one death, but would not give the same leniency to Saucier who simply took some pictures of his submarine.
Fox News reports:
take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
His lawyer, Ronald Daigle, told Fox News on Monday that the lawsuit, which he expects to file soon in Manhattan, will name the U.S. Department of Justice, former FBI Director James Comey and former President Barack Obama as defendants, among others.
“They interpreted the law in my case to say it was criminal,” Saucier told Fox News, referring to prosecuting authorities in his case, “but they didn’t prosecute Hillary Clinton.
Hillary is still walking free.
Two guys on my ship did the same thing and weren’t treated as criminals.
We want them to correct the wrong.” Daigle said that a notice about the pending lawsuit was sent to the Department of Justice and others included in it in December.
There is usually a six-month period that must lapse before the lawsuit actually is filed.
“We’ll highlight the differences in the way Hillary Clinton was prosecuted and how my client was prosecuted,” Daigle said.
“We’re seeking to cast a light on this to show that there’s a two-tier justice system and we want it to be corrected.”
Saucier's attorneys attempted to use the Hillary Clinton defense to get him out of hot water for taking pictures of classified systems aboard the USS Alexandria in 2009.
Prosecutors sloughed off the defense, saying it was essentially “grasping at highly imaginative and speculative straws in trying to further draw a comparison to the matter of Secretary Hillary Clinton based upon virtually no understanding and knowledge of the facts involved, the information at issue, not to mention any issues if intent and knowledge.”
Saucier confessed to taking photos of the submarine back in 2009 when he served as a 22-year-old machinist mate, saying he wanted to show the pictures to his family and future children.
Following an interview with the FBI in 2012, he destroyed all evidence of the pictures, meaning the Naval Criminal Investigative Service could not confirm his claims that he did not share the photos with unauthorized people.
“It was a foolish mistake by a very young man,” Saucier’s lawyer, Greg Rinckey, said.
“It’s a very sad case because Kristian Saucier is a fine young man.
We don’t believe this was really his true character.”
“My case was usually something handled by military courts,” Saucier said.
“They used me as an example because of [the backlash over] Hillary Clinton,” he continued, alleging his life was ruined for political reasons.
President Trump had spoken of his support of Saucier on the campaign trail and blasted the Obama administration's handling of his case.
“With a pardon, there’s no magic wand that gets waved and makes everything right,” Saucier said, “But I try to stay positive and look forward.”
That's a good attitude considering he has had his cars repossessed and is in a tremendous amount of debt due to his incarceration and now having a felony on his record.
But hey, Hillary is free, right?
That's all that matters, cause after all, they're (Bill and Hillary) good people, aren't they, Mr. President?
I think it's great that Mr. Saucier has been pardoned, I really do, but I continue to ask what a lot of Americans continue to ask, why does the known criminal Hillary Clinton remain at large in our country with her corrupt foundation taking in billions, her trashing our Republic and continuing to have a national voice?
The American people weren't promised pardons, we were promised a special counsel to dig into the Clintons and bring about justice.
It's time that occurred.
WATCH: John Bolton Promises Room Full of ‘Former Terrorists’ the US Would ‘Overthrow’ Iran by 2019

For those who may not be paying attention, the plan to overthrow Iran has long been in the works.
In fact, in April 2012, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, Seymour Hersh reported that the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command had trained (Mojahedin-e Khalq) MEK operatives at a secret site in Nevada from 2005 to 2009 for this very purpose.
MEK is the Iranian political-militant organization that advocates for the violent overthrow of the current Iranian regime.
They are hardly quiet about it.
Coincidentally, MEK was classified as a terrorist organization by the United States and its allies—during this training period—until none other than Hillary Clinton suddenly removed them from the list in 2012.
According to Hersh, MEK members were trained in intercepting communications, cryptography, weaponry and small unit tactics at the Nevada site until President Barack Obama took office in 2009.
take our poll - story continues below
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician?
* Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
It was widely reported that the MEK was behind the anti-government violence that erupted in Iran in January which snowballed into the situation today.
Hersh also reported additional names of former U.S. officials paid to speak in support of MEK, including former CIA directors James Woolsey and Porter Goss; New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani; former Vermont Governor Howard Dean; former Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation Louis Freeh and former U.N.
Ambassador John Bolton.
For over a decade, Bolton has been calling for regime change in Iran.
Now, he’s the National Security Advisor.
It just so happens that at least one of these calls for regime change in Iran was caught on video last year as Bolton gave a speech at the Grand Gathering of Iranians for Free Iran.
“There is a viable opposition to the rule of the ayatollahs, and that opposition is centered in this room today.
I had said for over 10 years since coming to these events, that the declared policy of the United States of America should be the overthrow of the mullahs’ regime in Tehran.
The behavior and the objectives of the regime are not going to change, and therefore the only solution is to change the regime itself.
And that’s why, before 2019, we here will celebrate in Tehran!”
Pay attention to the first line in that quote above in which Bolton notes that the opposition needed to overthrow Iran’s current regime “is centered in this room today.” Who was in that room?
Well, the entire event was actually put on by the People’s Mojahedin Organization of Iran, also known as the Mojahedin-e Khalq or MEK.
As Politico pointed out in a 2016 article, despite the neocon attempts to rewrite history, MEK have killed Americans and committed multiple acts of terrorism.
For decades, and based on U.S. intelligence, the United States government has blamed the MEK for killing three U.S. Army colonels and three U.S. contractors, bombing the facilities of numerous U.S. companies and killing innocent Iranians.
To recap, the formerly terrorist-classified organization MEK, trained in the US and granted special privilege status by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2012—which has since been heavily funded to refine their image by having famous US neoconservative war hawks from both sides of the isle actually chant for “regime change” on their behalf—is now the darling child of the neocon agenda and the impetus behind what could kick of World War 3.
While the current Iranian regime is certainly no bastion of freedom, the idea that US intervention or a violent revolution would be beneficial for the people of Iran or American citizens is outright insane.
To see what US intervention—through military support and the support of opposition groups—does to countries, one need only look at Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya to see the horrific death tolls and war-ravaged dystopias left in America’s wake.
To those paying attention over the years, Trump’s desire to intervene in Iran, and his subsequent support in the media and from all sides of the political spectrum should come as no surprise as it has been the plan since Bill Clinton was in office and was documented in the neoconservative PNAC report.
This was even admitted by General Wesley Clark, former Supreme Allied Commander of NATO, that the U.S. planned on going to war with Iran, according to a 2001 memo from the U.S. Secretary of Defense.
“This is a memo that describes how we’re going to take out seven countries in five years,” Clark said.
“Starting with Iraq, and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and finishing off with Iran.”
All presidents since Clinton have crossed countries off this list.
Now it’s Trump’s turn.
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project
Hungarian Prime Minister Hits Nail On The Head: Refugees Are Actually "Muslim Invaders"

Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban doesn't mince words when it comes to the Muslim invasion in Europe and specifically to his own country.
Orban says there is not only Muslim invaders in the mix of "refugees," but also “economic migrants" seeking better lives for themselves.
Indeed, both of these are true.
There are plenty of these people who are simply happy to have a place to live after many were driven from their homes due to the US, Russia and other countries putting their noses where they didn't belong and funding, training and arming Islamic jihadis there.
Then, there are those who clearly come to the country to Islamasize the country because they have an Islamic dominionist attitude borne of the teachings of the Koran and Muhammad .
RT reports:
Refugees in Europe are just “Muslim invaders” and economic migrants seeking better lives, Hungarian PM Viktor Orban has said, adding that the large number of Muslims in the EU had led to the appearance of ‘parallel societies.’ Asked in an interview with the German Bild newspaper why Budapest does not want to accept any refugees, Orban replied: “We don’t consider these people to be Muslim refugees.” Instead, the tough-talking politician said they were regarded as “Muslim invaders.” Asylum seekers must cross four countries to reach Hungary from Syria, all of which are not as rich as Germany but are economically stable, the PM said.
He was apparently referring to Turkey, Greece, Macedonia and Serbia – a common route for migrants heading for ‘wealthy’ Europe.
“So, they are not running for their lives [in these countries].
They are merely economic migrants seeking a better life,” Orban concluded.
He stressed though, that he can only speak for the Hungarians and they “don’t want” immigration.
In his view, the government simply can’t go against the will of the people.
And Orban has stayed the course, too while governments like that of Germany have ignored their people to allow for a clear invasion of Germany that has led to untold numbers of sexual assaults by Muslim migrants, attacks on Christians and there's no telling the amount of damage to the unethical welfare system in the country.
RT continues:
Going further, the prime minister noted that no refugee wants to go to Portugal, for example, adding that the majority of asylum seekers simply wanted to live in prosperous Germany.
“The reason why people are in your country is not because they are refugees, but because they want a German life,” he said, describing the issue “politically” as a European problem but, “sociologically,” as a German problem.
Orban specifically targeted Germany and Chancellor Angela Merkel’s ‘open-door’ policy towards asylum seekers.
“I’ve never understood how chaos, anarchy and illegal border crossings are viewed as something good in a country like Germany, which we view as the best example of discipline and the rule of law,” he said.
The recent wave of refugees reaching Europe is merely an invasion, according to Orban.
“If someone wants to come to your house, he knocks on your door and asks: ‘Can we come in, can we stay?’ They [asylum seekers] didn’t do that, they crossed the border illegally,” he stated.
Orban then did what most political representatives will simply not do, he told the truth about multiculturalism.
He called it an "illusion" and said that Christian and Muslim societies “will never unite.”
Of course, they won't.
They have absolutely nothing in common.
They cannot agree on God's law, which most Western societies were base on, including the united States.
They cannot agree on the Scriptures.
They cannot agree on the person and work of Jesus the Christ.
They can't even agree on the means of proselytizing and of what real spiritual weapons are.
PM Orban has remained consistent.
He has publicly told the Muslim invaders to leave Hungary and never come back.
He has rebuffed Brussels, which is largely Islamic, and told them that Hungary would defend its borders, and it has.
Orban's border wall reduced illegal immigration by 99%!
He has genuinely reached out his hand to help Christian migrants instead of Muslim migrants and he seems to be one that holds to the Christian faith, as emulated by the Protestant Reformers, saying, "That which serves the glory of God is the best for the people."
Furthermore, Orban has also called out the man behind the curtain in a lot of the promoting of this Muslim invasion of the West, George Soros.
Anti-jihadist activist Pamela Geller praised Orban for his honesty and wrote, "At last, a politician who speaks the truth about the Muslim invasion of Europe.
And while Orban is right that these are 'economic migrants,' they are also 'Muslim invaders.'"
"They don’t want a 'German life' in Germany in the sense that they are willing to accept German values," she added.
"Many, all too many, of them want to overwhelm German values, and European values in general, with sharia values.
They are in Europe to conquer and Islamize it, with willing and eager help from Europe’s short-sighted, self-serving, internationalist intelligentsia."
Indeed!
Thank you Prime Minister Orban for saying what needed to be said!
Soldiers of the Cross - Who the Real & Counterfeits Are!

“If you want to change the future you are going to have to trouble the present.”-William Booth
Before I begin, I need to make clear that the best leaders are the best followers, and that of the Christ (John 14:6).
With that said, Isn't it funny how things work in this world, it seems like when you do the wrong thing before God and man, somehow people seem to give it a pass.
Yet, when you begin to do the right things and obey God and love man according to the Word of God, all of a sudden, the world acts like you're doing something wrong.
After I got saved, as they say (John 3:3), I remember my mother calling me up and saying, “The family wants to know what is wrong with you.”
take our poll - story continues below
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
No, he will not be confirmed.
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
"What’s wrong with me?"
I laughingly replied.
I said, "Mom, when I was in the rock n roll world doing the things that I was doing, nobody said anything, and no one had a problem with what I was doing, that is until I started to emulate (obey) Jesus Christ" (1 John 2:6).
This reminds me of when I gave a prayer at the state capital in Minnesota.
After the prayer was over, I had a minister come up to me and tell me that I could not be dropping the “J” (Jesus) word in the capital.
I said that the reason I dropped the “J” word was because you haven’t in 40 years (Romans 1:16).
What of public high schools across the country that we have been going into in order to educate the youth as to who we are, and not what the revisionists and propagandists would have them believe that we are.
We have shown the young people that abortion is murder and that 58 million babies have been murdered since 1973 under the guise of woman’s choice (Proverbs 6:17).
We got kicked out of a public school for re-enforcing America’s value’s by teaching the US Constitution.
We have taught that homosexuality is an abomination, and how it is a felony in every state in our union (Leviticus 18:22; 20:13; Jude 1:7).
How true Scripture is when it declares:
“Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!"
No wonder why the reprobates and hypocrites thought that the Christians who were following the living Christ were turning the world upside down in the book of Acts.
They were, in fact, turning the world right side up (Acts 17:6).
Identifying the genuine from the counterfeit
Last week, I had a woman come up to me at my last meeting in Amery, Wisconsin.
She said that she did her research on me and said that the media really attacked me.
I responded with, "Of course they did, and of course they still do."
They are being exposed for who they are and they do not like it.
(John 15:22).
I told her that there are too many counterfeits, self-proclaimed leaders, out there who care more about saving face, than they do the souls of men (Luke 19:10), as well as saving their country.
Apparently they have a reputation to keep up.
Philippians 2:7-9
These are those that sit behind the status of some sort of church or political leader of the pack.
Yet, you do not see any warfare or opposition around them and why?
because they have simply forsaken the cross.
There is no absolutes with these people.
They are people pleasers and nothing more.
After all you can always tell what a man stands for by the enemies that he has.
They hide behind a microphone day after day.
Yet, they fail to confront the issues that needed to be confronted.
The reason they don't is because they are guilty of what they fail to confront!
They are paper tigers.
They can write all big and bad but when it comes to what someone else should do.
However, when it is time for them to put boots on the ground, they are simply missing in action (MIA).
These are willing to live in the freest country in the world as long as it is not them that have to sacrifice to maintain it.
There is also a group of people out there that have to be friends with everyone (and have to apologize to any that they may have told the truth lest they should convict them unto godly repentance (2 Corinthians 7:10) as they congregate week after week deceiving themselves into believing that they are demanding a lawful change just as long as it does not offend anyone (Matthew 5:10).
As a matter of fact, these counterfeits will be the first ones to get angry with and denounce and attack the ones that are sent by the Spirit of God (Galatians 4:29).
Maybe this group of people should ask their enemies for instructions as to how change is brought about, and in a righteous sense reverse the lawlessness-taking place in this country (Matthew 24:12).
These groups of people are simply enemies of the cross of Christ and know not the power of God unto salvation (Philippians 3:18).
Furthermore, I said to this woman that this is how you can tell who the genuine Christians are that are in the fight and those who are counterfeits.
When the church and the world can jog comfortably along together, you can be sure something is wrong.
The world has not compromised—its spirit is exactly the same as it ever was.
If Christians were equally as faithful to the Lord, separated from the world (2 Corinthians 6:17), and living so that their lives were a reproof to all ungodliness, the world would hate them as much as it ever did.
(John 7:7) It is the church that has compromised, not the world.
– Catherine Booth
The way to gauge those who are actually taking ground for the kingdom is to see who is in the midst of a continuous warfare (always in trouble, slandered, lied about, defamed etc) fighting the good fight of faith because they trust in the living God (Matthew 11:12; 1 Timothy 6:12).
John Calvin said, “Whomsoever the Lord has adopted and deemed worthy of His fellowship ought to prepare themselves for a hard, toilsome and unquiet life, crammed with very many and various kinds of evil.” And of course to the counterfeit's this is foreign.
Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media
Police had previously gone to Ohio home where officers were killed

Police in Ohio had previously gone to the home where a man fatally shot two police officers for three domestic disputes but no arrests were ever made, incident reports from the Columbus suburb of Westerville show.
Westerville officers Eric Joering, 39, and Anthony Morelli, 54, were killed shortly after noon Saturday in this normally quiet suburb while responding to a 911 hang-up call.
The suspect, 30-year-old Quentin Smith, was shot and wounded by the officers and taken to Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center in critical condition Saturday, a Westerville city spokeswoman said.
The hospital would not provide updates on his condition Sunday.
A series of 911 calls released by the city of Westerville provide some details about what happened Saturday at a complex of townhomes.
Smith lived there with his wife, Candace, and a young daughter.
Westerville police have provided few details about what happened inside the townhome.
Westerville Police Chief Joe Morbitzer said at a news conference Saturday that Joering, a 16-year veteran, and Morelli, a 30-year-veteran, were shot immediately upon entering the residence.
Columbus police are investigating the shootings.
After the initial hang-up call at noon, a dispatcher called the number back and reached a woman who was crying and can be heard saying, "won't let me in."
Officers are then sent to the home.
At 12:12 p.m., an officer tells a dispatcher that it's "all quiet right now," followed by a door knock.
At 12:13 p.m., after a dispatcher confirms contact has been made, a man's voice can be yelling, "We have shots fired."
City of Westerville Police officers Anthony Morelli, 54, and Eric Joering, 39, were fatally shot while responding to a 911 call on Feb. 10, 2018 in Westerville, Ohio.
Police officers Anthony Morelli, 54, and Eric Joering, 39, were fatally shot while responding to a 911 call on Feb. 10, 2018 in Westerville, Ohio.
(City of Westerville) (City of Westerville)
Four minutes later, someone, presumably a police officer, tells a dispatcher: "We have two officers down.
Child on couch, one at gunpoint."
It's unclear at what point Smith was shot.
Other 911 calls show that Candace Smith was hiding in bushes in front of the home, pleading for help because her daughter is still inside the home while a dispatcher calmly tells her to stay there.
"Please help," Candace Smith repeats several times in a call at 12:14 p.m. "He shot the police officers."
Westerville police had gone to the couple's townhome for domestic disputes three times since September of last year.
Joering and Morelli's names aren't listed on those calls.
On Sept. 14, police responded to a call from Candace Smith that her husband was drunk and doing something to her car.
A brief narrative from the officers says, "No dispute or argument."
Candace Smith told officers they were separating, and that he left when she told him she was calling police.
"Female has his key so she is not concerned about him coming back," the report said.
A Nov. 29 report said Candace Smith went to the Westerville police station asking about a protection order.
She told officers that Quentin Smith had come home drunk earlier in the week and had "forced himself on her," the report said.
Candace Smith said she had found out that day she had been infected with a sexually transmitted disease, according to the report.
Candace Smith also told officers that her husband had threatened to kill her, their daughter and himself if she left him.
She said Smith always carried a gun despite being a convicted felon.
Smith was convicted in Cuyahoga County, which includes Cleveland, of felony burglary and misdemeanor domestic violence charges in 2009 and was sentenced to four years in prison.
Shortly after Candace Smith spoke with police at the Westerville station that day, police went to the home when Quentin Smith called to complain that his wife had locked him out of the house.
They were told to stay in separate areas of the home.
On Jan. 20, officers went to the home after Quentin Smith's mother called police to say the couple was arguing.
They told police there weren't fighting
First They Came for Alex Jones — We Told You We Were Next — We Were

October 11, 2018, will be remembered in history as the day the tech giants attempted to wipe out independent, liberty-minded, antiwar media from the airwaves.
On Thursday, in a coordinated effort, hundreds of pages devoted to peace and liberty were memory-holed by social media giants.
As part of its purge, Facebook has removed the pages of several police accountability/watchdog/critic groups, including Cop Block, the Free Thought Project, and Police the Police.
They've also apparently severely restricted activity for the Photography Is Not a Crime page.
— Radley Balko (@radleybalko) October 12, 2018
take our poll - story continues below
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
What makes this recent purge from Facebook and Twitter so egregious is that the pages like the Free Thought Project, the Anti-Media, Press for Truth, and dozens of others, did not fit the hate speech narrative these same companies used to wipe out Alex Jones.
Instead, these pages were dedicated to spreading peace, bridging the divide, bringing humanity together and holding government accountable.
And how does this poem end, again?
https://t.co/nUZ82x9JFt — Anya Parampil (@anyaparampil) August 6, 2018
The purge happened around 12:30 p.m. CST with mainstream news reports launching at the same time — implying that they were given the heads up about the move.
In a statement co-authored by Facebook Head of Cybersecurity Nathaniel Gleicher — who Caitlin Johnstone aptly points out, also happens to be the former White House National Security Council Director of Cybersecurity Policy — the massive social media platform explained that it has removed “559 Pages and 251 accounts that have consistently broken our rules against spam and coordinated inauthentic behavior.”
Facebook said the pages were “working to mislead others about who they are, and what they are doing.” However, this couldn’t be further from the truth.
Our names, addresses, and phone numbers were on all of our pages and our profiles.
“We were verified by Facebook with a little check mark next to our name, so they know we are a legitimate organization/outlet.
They have seen our “Articles of Organization” which was issued by the state of Louisiana, which is where my partner and The Free Thought Project co-founder lives,” Jason Bassler, co-founder of the Free Thought Project explained.
However, in their statement, Facebook then suggested the real reason behind the purge — elections are coming — and pesky folks like the independent media have a way of reporting information on candidates that the mainstream tends to ignore — like war, corruption, and most recently, Brett Kavanaugh’s disdain for the Constitution.
“Given the activity we’ve seen — and its timing ahead of the US midterm elections — we wanted to give some details about the types of behavior that led to this action,” Facebook said, before accusing us of hawking fake products or functioning as ad farms that tricked “people into thinking that they were forums for legitimate political debate.”
It should be stated that TFTP never hid the fact that we worked with other independent media groups to share our information around the web — this is the very definition of grassroots.
But all of us together certainly posed a threat to the mainstream so this nonsense about tricking people was brought into play.
Within all of our pages under the Free Thought umbrella, we had close to 6 million followers.
Does Facebook think it knows better than the 6 million people who clicked like on our page?
We also had close to 16,000 reviews on our page with an average 4.1 star rating, directly showing that people desired to see what we were putting out.
The only ones manipulating people here are the tech giants themselves.
All but proving the case that this was a coordinated attack by the tech giant community, shortly after the purge on Facebook, Twitter followed suit, wiping out our profiles on there as well.
They gave absolutely no reason for the suspension.
“This signifies a re-consolidation of the media.
Cable news media controlled the narrative for most of modern history, but the internet has lowered that barrier to entry and allowed the average person to become the media themselves.
This obviously took market share and influence away from the traditional media, and it has allowed for a more diverse public conversation.
Now it seems the platforms that have monopolized the industry are favoring mainstream sources and silencing alternative voices.
So now, instead of allowing more people to have a voice, these platforms are creating an atmosphere where only powerful media organizations are welcome, just as we had on cable news,” John Vibes poignantly noted.
The bottom line is that sites like ours and the others who were wiped from the internet yesterday represent a voice against the plutocratic information-controlling establishment.
We challenge their paradigm of control and this is a thorn in their side.
There are no longer distinct lines between social media giants and government either which renders the “they are private, they can do what they wish” argument moot.
Facebook has been partnering with the Digital Forensics Lab, an arm of the Atlantic Council think tank — a neoconservative group funded by Gulf monarchies, defense giants like Raytheon, megabanks like HSBC, foreign state actors, and the US government — to weed out people like us who challenge the status quo.
The entity that is making censorship decisions for Facebook, as publicly announced, is the Atlantic Council, a partly US government-funded entity.
At what point will the extremely tight ties between these companies and the US government end the "they are private" argument?
— Daniel McAdams (@DanielLMcAdams) October 12, 2018
Serving as a kick in the teeth to the thousands of people who lost their livelihoods yesterday because of this purge is the fact that pages who do set out to deliberately deceive people, put out actual fake news, and slander others — like the infamous Your News Wire — remain intact and able to post.
No, we are not calling for these fake pages to be removed, but instead using it as a point of reference as to why they targeted us when pages like YNW have become famous for spreading lies and deceiving people.
Those who demanded Facebook & other Silicon Valley giants censor political content - something they didn't actually want to do - are finding that content that they themselves support & like end up being repressed.
That's what has happened to every censorship advocate in history: https://t.co/IZHF8GVkgC — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) October 12, 2018
Indeed, we have reached the precipice of corporate-state censorship.
Those who have constantly demanded that tech giants silence their critics and information that ‘offends’ them are finally seeing the inevitable results of such irresponsible acts.
As we have been pointing out for the last two years, tech monopolies large enough to silence those with whom you disagree, are large enough to one day silence you.
The silver lining to this massive purge of independent media is that it signals the beginning of the end of censored media.
TFTP has been planning for this day and we have been growing our email list and our subscriber base.
We will not be silenced.
While it may seem bleak for now, we will rise from the ashes of the social media dinosaurs to help build and create new platforms that are out of their control where ideas of peace and freedom can be discussed openly without fear of devoting years to a platform that can disappear you in the blink of an eye.
If you are not on our email list, please sign up here.
If you’d like to subscribe to our site to aid in the battle against the censors and receive special perks along the way, you can do so at this link.
We are also working with the folks from minds.com and have created a platform on their uncensored network as well.
You can follow us at this link.
We have been on Steemit as well.
And Instagram too.
Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project
Conspiracy: Muslim Photographer & Nation Of Islam Hid Photos Of Obama With Farrakhan Since 2008

The left-wing enemedia worked as furiously to cover up, censor and sanction Barack Hussein Obama’s jihad and violent left-wing connections as they do to manufacture and make up lies to destroy President Trump.
The LA Times refused to release a video of the infamous Jew-hating event Obama hosted with close confidante and infamous antisemite Rashid Khalidi.
The media gave scant coverage to Obama’s close relationship with radical Reverend Jeremiah “God damn America) Wright who blamed the US for 9/11.
I detailed Obama’s nefarious connections and resulting worldview in my book, The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration’s War on America , which was ignored by the mainstream media.
The Muslim photographer Askia Muhammad, who took this photo of candidate Barack Obama and vicious jihad-supporting racist Louis Farrakhan, knew this would impact the election: he said so.
And so he conspired with the terror group, the Nation of Islam, to keep it hidden for 10 years.
He has served as the editor of Muhammad Speaks and as the head of the Washington office of The Final Call, the official newspapers of the Nation of Islam.
[4][5] He has worked as a commentator for National Public Radio and a columnist for Washington Informer.
[6][7] (Wikipedia)
The photographer, Askia Muhammad, told the Trice Edney News Wire that he “gave the picture up at the time and basically swore secrecy.”“But after the nomination was secured and all the way up until the inauguration; then for eight years after he was President, it was kept under cover,” Muhammad said.
Asked whether he thought the photo’s release would have affected Obama’s presidential campaign, Muhammad said, “I insist.
It absolutely would have made a difference.”
Farrakhan In His Own Words (PDF).
Some Farrakhan quotes:
“The Jews don’t like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler.
Well, that’s a good name.
Hitler was a very great man.”
“My god will wipe this country (America) from the face of the earth.”
On on the Jewish people: “You are wicked deceivers of the American people.
You have sucked their blood.”
“The Jews don’t like Farrakhan, so they call me Hitler.
Well, that’s a good name.
Hitler was a very great man.”
“You are not now, nor have you ever been a citizen of America.
You are a slave to white America.”
“America is in trouble, and I say God is about to wipe this nation from the face of the Earth.
I’m not crazy, I’m not drunk, how long do you think a nation can do evil and not face the wrath of god?”
“You see everybody always talk about Hitler exterminating six million Jews.
That’s right.
But don’t nobody ever ask what did they do to Hitler.”
White people are potential humans – they haven’t evolved yet.
On Hezbollah: “They call them terrorists, I call them freedom fighters.”
“The Mother Wheel is a heavily armed spaceship the size of a city, which will rain destruction upon white America but save those who embrace the Nation of Islam.”
THE PHOTO THAT NEVER SAW THE LIGHT OF DAY: OBAMA WITH FARRAKHAN IN 2005 By Esme Cribb | Talking Point Memo January 25, 2018 2:16 pm
Askia Muhammad A journalist announced last week that he will publish a photograph of then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama (D) and Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan that he took in 2005 at a Congressional Black Caucus meeting, but did not make public because he believed it would have “made a difference” to Obama’s political future.
The photographer, Askia Muhammad, told the Trice Edney News Wire that he “gave the picture up at the time and basically swore secrecy.” “But after the nomination was secured and all the way up until the inauguration; then for eight years after he was President, it was kept under cover,” Muhammad said.
Asked whether he thought the photo’s release would have affected Obama’s presidential campaign, Muhammad said, “I insist.
It absolutely would have made a difference.” Reached by TPM on Thursday, Muhammad said a “staff member” for the CBC contacted him “sort of in a panic” after he took the photo at a caucus meeting in 2005.
TPM has published the photo above with Muhammad’s permission.
“I sort of understood what was going on,” Muhammad told TPM.
“I promised and made arrangements to give the picture to Leonard Farrakhan,” the minister’s son-in-law and chief of staff.
Muhammad said he gave away “the disk” from his camera but “copied the photograph from that day onto a file” on his computer.
“Realizing that I had given it up, I mean, it was sort of like a promise to keep the photograph secret,” Muhammad said.
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books
Communist Door Boy Attacks Teen Trump Supporter

Down in San Antonio, Texas the dangerous and violent predilections of the left reared its ugly head once again.
A “man” attacked a teenager who was wearing a #MAGA hat.
The criminal attacker, one Kino Jimenez, took the boy’s hat, yelled at him, and then threw a drink in the boy’s face before walking off (and stealing
the hat ).
The entire event was caught on camera (by the teen’s friend who was with him), and the police are investigating.
take our poll - story continues below
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
No, he will not be confirmed.
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Here’s what happened:
Is this the America Maxine Waters wanted?
Where Trump supporters can't even have a meal in peace?
https://t.co/9g1BSiw8LS — The Columbia Bugle 🇺🇸 (@ColumbiaBugle) July 5, 2018
The attack took place in a Whataburger restaurant, and the corporation was quick to condemn the man’s actions:
“We were shocked to see this video and certainly don’t condone this type of customer behavior in our restaurants.
To be clear, no Whataburger employees were involved or witnessed the incident, and we ask that questions be directed to San Antonio PD as we continue supporting their efforts.”
Jimenez, who is 30, seems to have only had a part-time job.
His employer was a San Antonio nightspot called Rumble.
Immediately upon learning of the altercation, the bar announced that it had fired Jimenez because they believed such behavior was immoral, uncalled for, and not in keeping with Rumble’s welcoming personality.
On their Facebook page, they wrote, “…We have since terminated this employee, as his actions go against everything that this establishment stands for.
Rumble has, and always will be, a bar that is as inclusive as any establishment could possibly be.
THIS BAR IS A SAFE SPACE FOR EVERYONE!
No matter your race, creed, ethnicity, sexual identity, and political stance, you are welcomed here!” Rumble said on Facebook that Jimenez worked as a “part-time door guy.” They added, “We do not condone these types of actions or behavior.
If you have any questions or concerns please message us privately.
We support and appreciate your business.”
Contrary to what you might believe about Jimenez… he is/was NOT a Democrat!
No, he is further to the Left and was an active member of the Green Party.
However, upon learning of his behavior the local Green Party told the media that Jimenez had been cut off from the party for his uncalled for attack on a child.
“We all have different opinions of our president, but we don’t take it out on innocent kids who just happen to have a hat on,” Gavino Zarate, secretary of the Harris County Green Party told Heavy.
“You may not like the hat or you may not like the president, but you don’t show that kind of aggression toward teenagers.
It goes against everything the Green Party stands for.
We are not violent.
We do not take our aggression out on innocent young people.”
Some on the right have connected the attack to Maxine Waters’ call for Democrats to confront members of the Trump administration whenever, and wherever they happened to find them.
Leftists have said the connection is unfair, because Waters’ was only calling for accosting Trump administration officials.
My question is; how big of a leap would it be for a normal, rational adult to go from confronting administration officials to attacking the people who elected them to power?
Not much in my mind.
The reality is that the Democrats are as much to blame for the corrosive and ugly rhetoric in America today as Donald Trump is.
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com
Agencies scramble to prep Russia probe files for release after sweeping Trump order

Intelligence agencies were scrambling Tuesday to comply with a sweeping order by President Trump to declassify key documents that could shed light on the origins of the Russia collusion probe that has hamstrung the administration for more than 18 months.

The documents Trump ordered declassified involve a renewed Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant against former campaign aide Carter Page and text messages from disgraced former FBI officials Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.


The president on Monday afternoon ordered that the documents be released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the Justice Department “[a]t the request of a number of committees of Congress, and for reasons of transparency,” according to a statement issued by White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders.

It is not immediately clear how and when the documents will be released, but by Monday evening, intelligence agencies said they had already begun working to prepare the documents.

“When the President issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House Counsel, to seek to ensure the safety of America’s national security interests,” a Justice Department spokesperson said in a statement to Fox News.
“The Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the President’s order.”

ODNI spokeswoman Kellie Wade also said that the agency was “working expeditiously with our interagency partners to conduct a declassification review of the documents the President has identified for declassification.”

The documents include all FBI reports on interviews, also known as 302s, with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr and all FBI reports of interviews prepared in connection with applications to surveil Carter Page, as well as 21 pages of one renewed warrant.
The 21 pages make up only a small portion of the 412 pages of FISA applications and warrants related to Page released by the FBI earlier this year in a heavily redacted format.
The June 2017 application was the last of four filed by the Justice Department in support of FISA court orders allowing the monitoring of Page for nearly a year.

The president also ordered the release of unredacted text messages from fired FBI Special Agent Peter Strzok, former FBI counsel Lisa Page, former FBI Director James Comey and former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe.

The president for months has blasted Strzok and Page for the bias revealed in their text messages, as well as Comey and McCabe for their leadership of the FBI.
Comey was fired from the bureau in May 2017; McCabe was fired by Attorney General Jeff Sessions in March; Page left the bureau in May; and Strzok was fired last month.
A source familiar with the timing of the declassification told Fox News they expected the Carter Page warrant application to be declassified first, followed by the FBI reports on agent interviews with Ohr.

The source added that the Justice Department is working on a "compressed timeline" and they expect the first release of records in days or sooner.
The text messages are expected to take longer because of the sheer number involved and the fact that Trump ordered their release without redactions.

Republicans on Capitol Hill, including House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., are touting the president’s order, saying it covers “pretty much everything that he wanted…and the text messages are a bonus,” a source said of Nunes.

Congressional Republicans are hoping the files reveal details about the start of the Russia investigation led by the FBI, which evolved into Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling and potential collusion with Trump campaign associates during the 2016 presidential election.

But Democrats,including the committee’s ranking member, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., are blasting the declassification order as a “clear abuse of power.”

"[Trump] has decided to intervene in a pending law enforcement investigation by ordering the selective release of materials he believes are helpful to his defense team and thinks will advance a false narrative," Schiff said.
"With respect to some of these materials, I have been previously informed by the FBI and Justice Department that they would consider their release a red line that must not be crossed as they may compromise sources and methods.

"This is evidently of no consequence to a President who cares about nothing about the country and everything about his narrow self-interest," Schiff added.

The president’s order is similar to his February move, when he cleared the way for the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee to release a partisan memo about the surveillance warrant on Carter Page.
Democrats, weeks later, released their own version of the memo.
Don Lemon Is Lying... Again: Biggest Threat Isn't "White Men" - The FBI's Most Wanted Domestic Terrorists Are These People

“So, we have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right.
And we have to start doing something about them.
There is no travel ban on them.
There is no ban on — they had the Muslim ban.
There is no white guy ban.
So, what do we do about that?” –Don Lemon
Just to illustrate the absurdity of Don Lemon’s comments, I thought it would be fun to go look at the current list of the FBI’s most wanted terrorists.
Below is the list of “domestic” terrorists and, regardless of the list/filter you choose, you won’t find many “white men”.
Interestingly enough, it looks like the WOMEN in this country are currently responsible for more terrorism than WHITE MEN.
Mr.
Lemon, you are very wrong.
Below are the 14 profiles currently listed as the “Most Wanted Domestic Terrorists”
take our poll - story continues below
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
* Yes, military force should be used.
No, keep the military out of it.
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

5 women.
3 Hispanic men.
3 black men (one with an Arabic/possibly Islamic surname), and 3 white guys.
14 total and only 3 white men?
Is Don Lemon colorblind?
Is the FBI racist (and maybe a bit sexist)?
Nah, it’s just CNN doing what CNN does… spewing more fake news for your viewing pleasure.
Go to https://www.fbi.gov/wanted/terrorism and see for yourself.
No matter which category you choose, you won’t be finding many white men.
Article posted with permission from Dean Garrison
Desperate Feinstein Pushes 30-Year-Old Claim About Sexual Misconduct Of Kavanaugh

It's incredible the amount of hypocrisy Senator Dianne Feinstein puts on display for the American people to see, and yet, the people in her state continue to put her in office.
Her latest antics are to point to a more than 30 year old claim that Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh engaged in sexual misconduct while he was in high school and somehow claim that he may have committed a crime while at the same time remaining silent on two women who have accused Rep. Keith Ellison, who is running for Attorney General in Minnesota, of abusing them, one of them making the claim this year.
“I have received information from an individual concerning the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court,” Senator Feinstein said in a surprise statement.
“That individual strongly requested confidentiality, declined to come forward or press the matter further, and I have honored that decision.
I have, however, referred the matter to federal investigative authorities.”
Of course, the reality is that bringing something like this up more than 30 years later is ridiculous, but this is the Democrats for you.
take our poll - story continues below
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Fox News reports:
A spokesperson for Feinstein declined Fox News’ request to elaborate on the lawmaker’s statement, but there has been much speculation that she is referring to a secret letter that has been the subject of intrigue on Capitol Hill over the last few days.
A source familiar with the confirmation proceedings told Fox News that Feinstein received the letter back in July, but did not make its existence known publicly until Thursday.
According to a report by The Intercept, the letter was relayed to lawmakers by an individual affiliated with Stanford University and concerns an incident involving the 53-year-old Kavanaugh and a woman while they were in high school.
According to two officials who spoke anonymously with the New York Times, the incident involved possible sexual misconduct between Kavanaugh and the woman.
The letter reportedly was given to Feinstein by Rep. Anna Eshoo, D-Calif., but has not been publicly disclosed by senators who have seen the document.
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., said that the letter in question has been referred to the FBI for investigation.
The FBI conducts background checks on all major government appointees, including Supreme Court nominees.
“Upon receipt of the information on the night of September 12, we included it as part of Judge Kavanaugh’s background file, as per the standard process,” the FBI said in a statement.
The White House has called this nothing more than a last minute gambit, and that would be correct.
In fact, the FBI has no plans to pursue any investigation regarding the allegation.
According to The Washington Post:
According to a person familiar with the matter, the FBI does not now plan to launch a criminal investigation of the matter, which would normally be handled by local authorities, if it was within the statute of limitations.
The FBI instead passed the material to the White House, as an update to Kavanaugh's background check, which already had been completed, the person said.
The move is similar to what the bureau did when allegations were leveled against former White House aide Rob Porter.
... Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) dismissed the controversy on Twitter.
“Let me get this straight: this is [a] statement about [a] secret letter regarding a secret matter and an unidentified person.
Right,” he tweeted sarcastically.
“I will add: the FBI already performed and has reported on a background investigation on the nominee and thhttp://ericposner.com/is-brett-kavanaugh-an-originalist/is has been made available to all Senators on the Judiciary Committee,” Cornyn wrote.
Exactly!
This is political theater over a man who is not an originalist and not a strict Constitutionalist.
He's a precedence man!
He's said it over and over!
If they wanted something on the guy, why don't they bring up his involvement in the Vince Foster cover-up?
Now, that would be something to really look into, but not with the corrupt DOJ and FBI we currently have.
Of course, if they did, then someone might actually have to act on something that actually was a crime.
3-D-printed guns put carnage a click away

PEOPLE WHO are barred from purchasing firearms or want to own a gun that is illegal in the jurisdiction where they live may soon have an easy way to get around the law.
All they would need to do is download a computer file and use a 3-D printer to stamp out a gun.
No background check would weed out felons, those with mental illness, domestic abusers or possible terrorists.
No serial number would allow police to trace a weapon used in a crime.
And there would be no problem getting past metal detectors with a gun molded from high-quality plastic.
Plans by a Texas organization to publish, starting Aug. 1, downloadable blueprints for 3-D-printed plastic firearms — so-called ghost guns — have rightly alarmed leading gun safety groups and law enforcement officials.
Credit for this dangerous scenario — in which getting an AR-15-style rifle is just a matter of a few computer clicks — goes to the Trump administration for its inexplicable decision to settle a lawsuit it was on the verge of winning.
The case involves Cody Wilson, founder of Defense Distributed, who sued the government in 2015 after the State Department under the Obama administration made him take down do-it-yourself gunmaking blueprints he had posted online, saying they violated export regulations governing military hardware and technology.
Mr. Wilson, an avowed anarchist who hopes for a world in which governments can’t stop individuals from getting guns, claimed his First Amendment right to free speech was being violated.
But he lost at every stage of litigation, including a refusal by the Supreme Court to review a decision that the code could not be published during the course of the lawsuit.
So it was stunning — but not surprising, given this administration’s worship at the altar of gun rights — that the State Department elected last month to quietly settle the case.
In addition to signing off on the public release of the 3-D printing tutorials, the State Department also agreed to pay nearly $40,000 of Mr. Wilson’s legal fees.
The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence has filed a Freedom of Information Act request to find out how this senseless decision was reached, and whether groups such as the National Rifle Association were involved.
It, along with Everytown for Gun Safety and Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, tried unsuccessfully Friday to get a federal court in Texas to block what it called a “troubling” and “dangerous” settlement.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was pressed about the issue Wednesday during his appearance before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
“Why on earth would the Trump administration make it easier for terrorists and gunmen to produce undetectable plastic guns?” asked Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.).
Mr. Pompeo promised to “take a look at it.”
That’s not enough.
Ghost guns are already a problem; they are used not just by lone shooters but as part of criminal enterprises.
Releasing instructions for their manufacture, which now only circulate on the dark Web, will lead directly to the loss of more innocent lives.
The administration should stop the State Department from going ahead with this foolhardy move, and Congress should act to plug the loopholes that these guns are designed to take advantage of.
Exposing the Deep State Plotters

President Trump’s sweeping order this week directing intelligence agencies to declassify documents from the more than 18-month-old investigation related to the Left’s electoral collusion conspiracy theory involving Trump and Russia may shed light on what really happened in the 2016 election.
In an interview with Hill.TV yesterday, the president said he ordered the mass declassification to show the public that the FBI investigation of the conspiracy theory began as a “hoax.” Exposing it could be one of the “crowning achievements” of his presidency, he said.
“What we’ve done is a great service to the country, really,” he said.
“I hope to be able to call this, along with tax cuts and regulation and all the things I’ve done… in its own way this might be the most important thing because this was corrupt.”
Trump criticized how the FBI handled the Russia probe, accusing it of misleading the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court, and of spying on his campaign.
“They know this is one of the great scandals in the history of our country because basically what they did is, they used [former Trump campaign aide] Carter Page, who nobody even knew, who I feel very badly for, I think he’s been treated very badly.
They used Carter Page as a foil in order to surveil a candidate for the presidency of the United States.”
“It’s a hoax, beyond a witch hunt,” Trump said.
The documents affected involve a FISA warrant against Carter Page and text messages from disgraced ex-FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page.
(Carter Page is not related to Lisa Page.)
Although the conspiracy theory is baseless nonsense, it continues to dog the Trump administration, providing cable television news outlets and late-night talk show hosts with endless fodder in the 24-hour news cycle.
When Trump defenders have fought back, social media companies have colluded with the Left to silence and intimidate them.
This declassification effort won’t make things any worse than they are for President Trump.
It may even prove a political masterstroke of sorts for Trump.
How else does one fight back against the nameless, faceless bureaucrats of the Deep State who hide behind anonymity to undermine the duly elected 45th president of the United States?
Make the documents public and let the chips fall where they may.
There is so much leftist dirt to uncover.
For example, it was established some time ago that former President Obama was involved on some level in this shameful un-American plot to rig the 2016 election and undermine his successor by using the privacy-invading apparatus of the state.
Obama wanted “to know everything” the FBI was doing in its investigation into claims that Russia was interfering in the 2016 election.
Specifically, the statement that Obama wanted “to know everything we’re doing” came in a private Sept. 2, 2016, text message from FBI lawyer Lisa Page to FBI agent Peter Strzok, with whom she was having an extramarital affair at the time.
(The exact message, time-stamped 1:50 p.m., reads "Yes, bc potus wants to know everything we are doing.")
In a separate text message to Page, Strzok wrote something cryptic about an “insurance policy” in case Donald Trump got elected.
Apparently, he was referring to the salacious, unverified dossier Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid rent-a-spy Christopher Steele to compile that purports to show Trump’s nefarious links to Russia.
President Trump ordered that the relevant documents be released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the Justice Department “[a]t the request of a number of committees of Congress, and for reasons of transparency,” read a statement issued by White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Trump ordered the “immediate declassification” of “pages 10-12 and 17-34 of the June 2017 application to the FISA court in the matter of Carter W. Page,” “all FBI reports of interviews with Bruce G. Ohr prepared in connection with the Russia investigation,” and “all FBI reports of interviews prepared in connection with all Carter Page FISA applications.”
Trump also ordered the “the Department of Justice (including the FBI) to publicly release all text messages relating to the Russia investigation, without redaction, of James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, and Bruce Ohr.”
The chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Devin Nunes (R -Calif.), reportedly hailed Trump’s order, saying it covers “pretty much everything that he wanted … and the text messages are a bonus.”
A handful of Democratic lawmakers alarmed at the prospect of being exposed as frauds and publicly humiliated wrote Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, and FBI Director Christopher Wray on Tuesday.
The letter, which is an attempt to usurp the powers vested in the president, asks the three agencies to defy the presidential directive.
"Your agencies' review, and any communication with the White House on the substance of the material, should not proceed further until you have briefed the Gang of Eight in person."
It claims that Trump’s declassification request constitutes improper intervention “in an ongoing law enforcement investigation that may implicate the President himself or those around him.”
The authors of the letter even lie about the nature of the broad-based request, claiming Trump is selectively declassifying information to save himself.
“The action he has taken, to direct your agencies to selectively disclose classified information that he believes he can manipulate publicly to undermine the legitimacy and credibility of the Special Counsel’s [Robert Mueller] investigation, is a brazen abuse of power.”
The missive is signed by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.), who is vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), and Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), who is ranking member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
Intelligence agencies have already reportedly begun working to carry out the president’s orders and the first set of documents could be made public in a few days.
“When the President issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House Counsel, to seek to ensure the safety of America’s national security interests,” a Justice Department official told Fox News.
“The Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the President’s order.”
Coats spokeswoman Kellie Wade also said that the agency was “working expeditiously with our interagency partners to conduct a declassification review of the documents the President has identified for declassification.”
According to Fox News:
The documents include all FBI reports on interviews, also known as 302s, with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr and all FBI reports of interviews prepared in connection with applications to surveil Carter Page, as well as 21 pages of one renewed warrant.
The 21 pages make up only a small portion of the 412 pages of FISA applications and warrants related to Page released by the FBI earlier this year in a heavily redacted format.
The June 2017 application was the last of four filed by the Justice Department in support of FISA court orders allowing the monitoring of Page for nearly a year.
In comments to reporters and on Twitter, President Trump has been blasting Strzok and Page for months over their inappropriate behavior.
Ditto for former FBI Director James Comey and one of his deputies, Andrew McCabe.
Trump fired Comey in May 2017 and Attorney General Jeff Sessions canned McCabe in March.
Page left the FBI in May and Strzok got the axe last month.
That means there are still thousands of unaccountable Deep State operatives in the Trump administration that have yet to be dealt with.
I'll Say What Kavanaugh Wouldn't: Christine Ford Was Part Of The Political Hit On Him & Here's The Audio Evidence

On Thursday, following the hearings where Dr. Christine Ford provided testimony under oath without any evidence at all of a 36-year-old alleged sexual attack by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and his friend Mark Judge, Kavanaugh denied the allegations and blasted Senate Democrats for their involvement in ruining his good name.
However, when asked by Senator Cory Booker whether or not Kavanaugh thought Ford was part of what Kavanaugh referred to as a "political hit" against him, Kavanaugh rightly steered clear of a public relations disaster.
However, I am willing to say would he would not: Of course, she was part of it!
I don't say this lightly.
There are many things that we heard from Ford on Thursday that indicate there is more going on than she was willing to say.
Clearly, Ford has been outed as a radical political activist who promotes baby murder and other unlawful actions.
However, her story didn't exactly lend credibility except with Democrat members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, one of which has openly professed to sexual assault.
take our poll - story continues below
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.?
* John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
However, Ford claims she never authorized her July letter to Senator Feinstein to be made public and yet, it was.
She didn't seem distraught over that.
She wasn't angry it was made public.
Why?
She knew it would be made public.
Ricki Seidman, a Democratic operative and former Clinton White House official who is now an advisor to Mrs. Ford, said in July (at roughly the same time as the letter was submitted) that she predicted a "strategy" forming to destroy Brett Kavanaugh.
She suggested a “strategy will emerge” to destroy Trump's nomination for the Supreme Court in a conference call with the American Constitution Society in July.
“I do think that over the coming days and weeks there will be a strategy that will emerge, and I think it’s possible that strategy might ultimately defeat the nominee,” Seidman said in audio that was recorded by the Republican National Committee’s War Room.
“And whether or not it ultimately defeats the nominee it will, I think, help people understand why it’s so important that they vote.”
If you think Mrs. Ford is ignorant of this considering her father works for the Central Intelligence Agency and her prior criminal political activism, then you aren't thinking clearly.
Ford obviously has mental issues and that was on display on Thursday during her testimony.
She clearly tried to present herself as a victim while she accused Kavanaugh of sexual assault with absolutely no evidence.
Kavanaugh even responded by pointing out that even her friends said they don't recall such an incident and had literally hundreds of people commend his character as the direct opposite of what Ford claims.
As I've said before, I don't support Kavanaugh's appointment to the Supreme Court on the grounds of lack of constitutional rulings, but that attack on him was orchestrated, it was political and Ford was a part of it.
It's wrong.
Ford didn't even think to act, according to her testimony, until Kavanaugh was on the short list, but did she go to local law enforcement?
Nope.
She went to her US Democrat representative, Senator Dianne Feinstein and The Washington Post.
If that is not political, I don't know what is.
Ford is not seeking justice nor is she seeking to do her "civic duty."
She is seeking to slander a man's character for something she cannot prove that she claims happened over 36 years ago.
Kavanaugh's nomination was passed out of committee on Friday and will go to the Senate floor for a confirmation vote.
For a quick run down of the political hit on Kavanaugh, take a look at this short synopsis by Paul Joseph Watson.
Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard
How Do You Like Paying For Sexual Harassment Settlements from Your Congress, America?

How Do You Like Paying For Sexual Harassment Settlements from Your Congress, America?
Please help support us with cryptocurrency donations.
Thank you!
We finally have the official numbers, and they aren’t pretty.
Reid Wilson, a correspondent for the Hill, has posted to Twitter a year by year breakdown of sexual harassment settlements and awards that he received from the Congressional Office of Compliance.
I went ahead and added up each column, and what I discovered is that 264 cases of sexual harassment in Congress have been settled since 1997, and the total amount awarded in those settlements comes to a grand total of $17,250,854.
So where has the $17,250,854 come from to pay those settlements?
That money has come from the taxpayers of course.
That means that you and I have been paying to cover up the epidemic of sexual harassment that has been taking place on Capitol Hill.
When U.S. Representative Jackie Speier originally told us that more than 15 million dollars had been paid out to victims of sexual harassment in recent years, I was envisioning a few dozen cases at most.
I had no idea that the total number of cases would actually be well over 200.
If our leaders were serious about stopping this from happening, they would pass a law making it mandatory that all cases of sexual harassment in Congress be made public, and that members of Congress would be personally responsible for paying out any settlements.
If such a law was instituted, I guarantee you that sexual harassment on Capitol Hill would come to a screeching halt.
But they don’t want it to stop.
For many in Congress, having so many attractive young women around is one of the key benefits of the job.
I included the following quote from CNN in an article the other day, but I also believe that it fits just perfectly here…
In an environment with “so many young women,” said one ex-House aide, the men “have no self-control.” “Amongst ourselves, we know,” a former Senate staffer said of the lawmakers with the worst reputations.
And sometimes, the sexual advances from members of Congress or senior aides are reciprocated in the hopes of advancing one’s career — what one political veteran bluntly referred to as a “sex trade on Capitol Hill.”
Do you want to stop this from happening?
It isn’t going to stop until we boot out the corrupt career politicians that are engaging in this type of behavior.
So I am asking you to support my campaign and other “grassroots deplorables” that are running for office all over the nation.
Morality really matters when it comes to serving in public office, and we are not going to send people that engage in sexually inappropriate behavior to Washington anymore.
And I am calling on Congress to immediately release the details of all of the 264 cases of sexual harassment that have been settled since 1997.
The American people have a right to know, and those that engaged in this type of behavior do not have a right to hide.
It is time to drain the swamp, and this would be a really good place to start.
Article posted with permission from End of the American Dream
Muslim Leader Calls for Conquest of “America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy”

Recently a Muslim spokesman in Tunisia named Said Khecharem, who is affiliated with the international pro-Sharia, pro-caliphate organization Hizb ut-Tahrir, declared (to delighted screams of “Allahu akbar” from his audience), that the “establishment of an Islamic state…requires the conquest of America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy – Rome and other infidel lands will be conquered, Allah willing.”
According to the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), Khecharem also said: “After the laws of Allah were abandoned, and the heretic regimes were imposed on the Muslims, the most important thing to do is to restore the rule of the Muslims, through the Quran and the Sunna, in order to renew Islamic life and to deliver the Islamic message to the world.
My brothers, the implication of this today should be the establishment of an Islamic state over all the lands of the Muslims.”
﻿
take our poll - story continues below
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court?
* Yes, he will be confirmed.
No, he will not be confirmed.
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
And no call to restore the caliphate would be complete without a swipe at the Jews, whom the Qur’an designates (5:82) the worst enemies of the Muslims.
Khecharem predicted that “this will happen, of course, after the elimination of the filthy Jewish entity, and after liberation of the lands under direct colonization, like Kashmir and others.”
If Said Khecharem were a non-Muslim saying that Muslims needed to destroy “the filthy Jewish entity” and conquer America, Britain, Russia, France, and Italy, he would be accused of “Islamophobia” and “bigotry.” But no one will take any particular notice of this.
They should, however.
Khecharem is not some deluded fanatic raving on a Tunisian street corner.
He was speaking at Hizb ut-Tahrir’s International Caliphate Conference; although Hizb ut-Tahrir is banned in many countries, it still has an international presence, and recently held a conference in Chicago.
Nor is the desire to establish a global caliphate limited to Hizb ut-Tahrir alone.
The word khalifa means “successor”; the caliph in Sunni Islamic theology is the successor of Muhammad as the military, political, and spiritual leader of the Muslims.
As I show in my book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS , the great caliphates of history, from the immediate post-Muhammad period of the “Rightly Guided Caliphs” to the Umayyads, Abbasids, and Ottomans, as well as other Islamic states, all waged relentless jihad warfare against non-Muslims, subjugating them under the rule of Islamic law and denying them basic rights.
These weren’t the actions of a “tiny minority of extremists,” abhorred by the vast majority of peaceful Muslims for “hijacking” their religion.
This was, for fourteen centuries, mainstream, normative Islam, carried forth by the primary authorities in the Islamic world at the time.
The History of Jihad shows from the accounts of eyewitnesses and contemporary chroniclers through the ages that in every age and in every place where there were Muslims, some of them believed that they had a responsibility given to them by Allah to wage war against and subjugate unbelievers under the rule of Islamic law.
And so it is today: Said Khecharem has enunciated that responsibility more clearly and directly than most Muslim spokesmen do these days, but he is by no means the only one who believes that it exists.
What is noteworthy also about The History of Jihad is something that it does not contain.
As the jihadis move against non-Muslim states without any letup, pause, period of coexistence, period of tolerance, reformation, or reconsideration, there never appears any force of Muslims to oppose them.
While it is undoubtedly true that not all Muslims in any given age have ever waged jihad, there has never been in Islamic history an Islamic entity or organization that was opposed to waging jihad and dedicated to stopping those who were waging it.
So it is today.
Islamic groups in the West issue pro-forma condemnations after every jihad terror attack, but are doing little or nothing to try to prevent the next one.
There is still no mosque or Islamic school in the United States that teaches young Muslims why they should reject the understanding of Islam taught by al-Qaeda, ISIS, and other jihad terror groups.
Meanwhile, Said Khecharem and other Islamic spokesmen openly call for Muslims to engage in jihad conquest.
Western authorities should be pondering his words, and their implications, very carefully.
Instead, if they have taken any notice of him at all, which is unlikely, they have dismissed him as an “extremist.”
They have yet to come to grips with the fact that “extremism” is and always has been so distressingly widespread in Muslim communities.
But they will.
Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer
Thousands of Troops and Razor Wire: US Border Reinforced Against Migrant ‘Invasion’ (Videos)

President Trump has initiated the military to protect our border from the invading migrants.
2.3k SHARES Facebook Twitter
Sharp barbed wire fences are being erected along the US-Mexico border as thousands of US troops, supported by drones and choppers, prepare to repel what the country’s commander-in-chief called a looming migrant “invasion” approaches the United States border.
Anyone who doubts this is an invasion only need look at the size of the caravan and those that make up the majority of those marching towards our border.
They are predominantly young men, there are few woman and children that make up the mass of the thousands that will overtake the border.
Where are the women and children?
There are thousands of predominantly young men marching towards the border.
The first coils of the razor-sharp fence were unwound in the vicinity of McAllen–Hidalgo–Reynosa International Bridge crossing in Texas on Friday, after the first units of soldiers were deployed at the border started reinforcing the frontier against any potential breaches.
take our poll - story continues below
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back?
* Yes, he should have gotten it back.
No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass.
Maybe?
I'm not sure if he should have.
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
The same fortification effort will soon start across other parts of the state as well as in Arizona, and California.
“We have enough concertina wire to cover up to 22 miles already deployed, already to the border.
We have additional concertina wire that we can string with over 150 miles available,” the head of the Northern Command, Terrence O’Shaughnessy told reporters earlier this week, RT reports.
Troops setting up barb wire under the Hidalgo Reynosa bridge #RGV -Miltares colocan cerca alámbrica en la frontera #Texas #Telemundo40 vid @AntonioNewsT40 pic.twitter.com/8cr3XfH2T6 — Iris Rodriguez (@IrisNews) November 2, 2018
Active duty U.S. ARMY Troops at the McAllen Hidalgo Intl Bridge putting up concertina wire.
@kgbt pic.twitter.com/AnZFtAl3l3 — Jolanie Martinez (@JolanieKGBT) November 2, 2018
C-wire stretches along the Rio Grande at the Texas-Mexico border, the morning after being installed by US troops – and just days ahead of US midterm elections.
#Immigration #CaravanaMigrantes #Border #undocumented #ARMY pic.twitter.com/eNsrqJz9Lu — John Moore (@jbmoorephoto) November 3, 2018
President Trump ordered over 5,200 soldiers to be deployed at the southern border by the end of the week to aid some 2,000 National Guardsmen already in place.
By Saturday, more than 3,500 troops had been deployed, including about 1,000 Marines in California, the Pentagon said.
Trump, however, said that the number might be increased to 15,000 active US personnel if the initial contingent is not enough.
Someone sent my dad this video at the Hidalgo border crossing.
Looks like they’re already starting to deploy troops at the border.
pic.twitter.com/GSP9JiHpqf — bananas in pajamas (@EverydayDaniel) November 2, 2018
Happening Now: US troops performing maintenance work on security infrastructure at the Hidalgo – Reynosa International Bridge.
pic.twitter.com/R88Y9X7lPF — Jose F Sanchez (@JoseBorderTeam) November 2, 2018
Currently, two groups of migrants, according to various estimates numbering up to 6,500 people, mainly families, are heading towards the US through Mexico.
Meanwhile, a third caravan of migrants, this time from El Salvador, has reportedly already crossed into Mexico.
At the same time, according to military planning documents, the majority of the crowd might dissolve along their long journey to the US.
While the US still has very little intel about the composition of the migrant caravans, one way or the other the White House plans to outmatch the number of potential illegals and, if not, suppress them with brutal force.
Currently, Washington has allocated roughly the same number of troops it has committed to fighting Islamic State in Syria (2,000) and Iraq (5,000).
And if 15,000 troops are deployed to the border, they will outmatch the number of US forces currently fighting in Afghanistan (14,000 troops).
U.S. Army troops, part of “Operation Faithful Patriot” arrived to the U.S. border with Mexico, deployed by President Trump ahead of midterms.
Soldiers spread out barbed wire along the Rio Grande in south Texas.
#immigration #border #caravanamigrante #undocumented #army pic.twitter.com/PVD6YIbCvk — John Moore (@jbmoorephoto) November 2, 2018
In addition to sheer numbers, the US forces will have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal to ensure the success of the military operation.
President Trump seems to be pleased with the deployment so far, noting the “beautiful”sight of barbed wire decorating the tranquil scenery of the Rio Grande’s crossing along the US-Mexico border.
“We have our military on the border,” Trump said in Montana, while campaigning for the Republicans in the state ahead of next week’s midterm election.
“And I noticed all that beautiful barbed wire going up today, the barbed wire used properly can be a beautiful sight.”
Deep State Insurrection Defying POTUS Trump’s Order

Deep State officials like ex-CIA chief John Brennan are in panic mode.
Deep State DOJ tool Rod Rosenstein refuses to comply with Trump’s executive order as afforded him by the US Constitution.
Establishment Democrats are all over the mainstream media channels calling the act of releasing documents criminal.
The US President wants every American citizen to see the full, unredacted version of the FISA documents used to spy on Carter Page.
Trump is simply asking for full transparency, in what has become a two year, multi-million dollar witch hunt, to find collusion where there is none.
This is all you need to know about the hoax that was and is Trump-Russia collusion and the Robert Mueller special counsel investigation.
The Duran’s Alex Christoforou and Editor-in-Chief Alexander Mercouris discuss the insurrection taking place at the US Department of Justice, as Democrats, ex-Obama officials, and DOJ directors are doing everything in their power to make sure the truth, about how the FISA warrant to spy on Carter Page was obtained, remains hidden from the eyes of the American public.
﻿
Via Zerohedge…
Despite President Trump’s Monday order for the “immediate declassification” of sensitive materials related to the Russia investigation, “without redaction,” the agencies involved are planning to do so anyway, according to Bloomberg, citing three people familiar with the matter.
The Justice Department, FBI and Office of the Director of National Intelligence are going through a methodical review and can’t offer a timeline for finishing, said the people, who weren’t authorized to speak publicly about the sensitive matter.
–Bloomberg
The Deep State: The Fa... Mike Lofgren Best Price: $7.55 Buy New $6.00 (as of 11:45 EDT - Details) Trump ordered the DOJ to release the text messages of former FBI Director James Comey, his deputy Andrew McCabe, now-fired special agent Peter Strzok, former FBI attorney Lisa Page and twice-demoted DOJ official Bruce Ohr.
Also ordered released are specific pages from the FBI’s FISA surveillance warrant application on former Trump campaign aide Carter Page, as well as interviews with Ohr.
The DOJ and the FBI are expected to submit proposed redactions to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence – which will prepare a package for Trump to sign off on.
“When the president issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House counsel, to seek to ensure the safety of America’s national security interests,” a Justice Department spokesman said in a statement.
“The department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the president’s order.”
The agencies are likely to cite national security concerns over revealing classified “sources and methods” pertaining to the Russia investigation – which will put them in direct conflict with Trump’s order.
Trump, as president, has the power to override the agencies and declassify material on his own.
Trump’s order to release the documents comes after months of requests from GOP lawmakers, while the DOJ has repeatedly denied their requests for more transparency.
The FBI’s spy…
According to Bloomberg, the DOJ is interpreting Trump’s request to include information about the use of confidential informant (spy) Stephan Halper during the early stages of the Trump-Russia investigation.
After taking in over $400,000 from the Obama Pentagon under the auspices of a research contract, Halper befriended and spied on members of the Trump campaign, including aides Carter Page and George Papadopoulos.
Showdown?
Top Congressional Democrats Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Adam Schiff and Mark Warner penned a joint letter to ODNI Director Dan Coates, Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray demanding that the agencies defy President Trump.
Showdown?
In letter, Pelosi/Schumer/Schiff/Warner order intel agencies to ignore presidential order on declassification until consulting with Congress.
https://t.co/x7JDUJd4t0 pic.twitter.com/o64PC7EEFQ — Byron York (@ByronYork) September 19, 2018
In the letter, the lawmakers “express profound alarm” at the decision to “intervene in an ongoing law enforcement investigation that may implicate the President himself or those around him.”
“Any decision by your offices to share this material with the President or his lawyers will violate longstanding Department of Justice polices, as well as assurances you have provided to us.”
The letter then demands that the agencies brief the Gang of Eight before releasing the materials “to anyone at the White House.”
Reprinted from The Duran.
Records Support Claims That Minnesota Muslima State Rep Ilhan Omar Married Her Brother

Ilhan Omar has accused Israel of “evil doings” in Gaza and called Israel an “apartheid state.” It isn’t surprising that Ilhan Omar would think this way.
She is a hijab-wearing, devout Muslim, and Islamic Jew-hatred is in the Quran.
What is shameful about this is that her views are mainstream in the Democrat Party today.
She should never have been chosen as a candidate for Congress with hateful views of this kind, but this is the way the Democrat leadership, and the Democrat base, thinks.
They want candidates like Ilhan Omar.
And they know they’ll win, because this is their base today.
take our poll - story continues below
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border?
* Yes, military force should be used.
No, keep the military out of it.
Email *
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge.
You may opt out at anytime.
You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Neither the Democrat leadership nor the Democrat base cares that she married her brother.
She is a Muslim and a leftist, so she can further their identity politics.
That’s all that matters to them.
“Official School Records Support Claims That Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-MN) Married Her Brother,” by David Steinberg, PJ Media, October 23, 2018 (thanks to Mark):
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller
America's Immigration Voice.

Earlier, I blogged that the police had released the name of the suspect in the murder of two white Westerville, OH cops (Quentin Lamar Smith) but no picture had appeared.
I found the picture at right on a Mugshots site, attributed to a guy with the same name, in the same town.
( Most people named Quentin Lamar Smith are black, by the way.)
Police charge suspect in death of two Westerville Police officers Quentin Lamar Smith was charged with two counts of aggravated murder on Sunday By WCMH Staff and The Associated Press Published: February 11, 2018, 4:45 pm Updated: February 11, 2018, 6:02 pm WESTERVILLE, OH (WCMH/AP) — The Westerville Division of Police has identified the suspect in the shooting death of two police officers as 30-year-old Quentin Lamar Smith.
Westerville Police Chief Joe Morbitzer said officer Eric Joering, 39, died at the scene and his colleague, Anthony Morelli, 54, died at a local hospital.
Smith was charged with two counts of aggravated murder on Sunday.
Morbitzer said the officers were responding to a “potential domestic situation.” A neighbor who heard the gunfire said it happened at a home where the occupants were “always arguing and fighting.” “The officers gave their lives in defense of others,” Morbitzer said during a news conference, struggling to keep his emotions in check.
He called them “true American heroes.” The Columbus Police Department is investigating the shootings.
Police released incident reports showing officers had been to Smith’s home or had dealings with him several times since 2017, some for alleged domestic violence involving a woman identified in the reports as his wife, Candace Smith.
Authorities said he was wounded and was treated at a hospital.
In a Nov. 29 incident, Candace Smith, 33, went to a police station and asked about protection orders because she said she and her husband weren’t getting along and she discovered she had a sexually transmitted disease.
She also told police that when she “threatens to leave Quentin, he tells her that he would kill her, their daughter, and himself,” the report said.
Candace Smith told police her husband “has a gun that he carries all of the time, and if it isn’t on him, it is close by.” Police were called to the home later that night to investigate a report of domestic violence.
[More]
Anyhow, they have now released a different photo (above)and it is the same guy, and he is black.
This goes in our "Black Murders Of White Cops" category, and also in our "Not Reporting Race" category, since except for the photograph, there's no mention of the race issue.Officers Anthony Morelli and Eric Joering are dead, and Smith is alive in hospital.
If these two men had survived, and Quentin Lamar Smith had died, you'd be hearing a lot about the race issue.
In first public rebuke by the White House, Mnuchin pulls out of Saudi investment conference to protest Khashoggi case

WASHINGTON — Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin said Thursday he was pulling out of a major Saudi investment conference, known as Davos in the Desert, in the first public rebuke by the White House of the Saudi regime over the disappearance and suspected murder of a dissident Saudi journalist who lived in Virginia.
Trade and finance ministers from Britain, France, Holland and other countries, the head of the International Monetary Fund, as well as CEOs of multiple major companies already had withdrawn in protest, and Mnuchin was under growing pressure to add his name to the list.
Mnuchin tweeted the decision after meeting with President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo at the White House.
Pompeo later told reporters that he had urged the president to give the Saudi government “a few more days” to explain what happened to Jamal Khashoggi, who vanished after he entered the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, on Oct. 2.
Turkish authorities and media have said audio recordings show that Khashoggi was tortured and beheaded inside the consulate, although the recordings have not been released.
Khashoggi wrote opinion columns for the Washington Post critical of the Saudi royal family.
Saudi King Salman and his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the country’s de facto ruler, have denied to both Trump and Pompeo any knowledge of the alleged murder or having ordered it.
Pompeo returned Wednesday night from meetings with Saudi and Turkish leaders in Riyadh and Ankara and went to the White House Thursday morning to brief Trump, who has come under mounting pressure from Congress and rights groups to punish Saudi Arabia.
Pompeo said the Saudis “understand the serious nature” of Khashoggi’s disappearance, and would conduct a thorough and “timely” investigation.
Their findings, Pompeo said, “will be transparent for everyone to see, to ask questions about, to inquire with respect to its thoroughness.”
He said he told the president “that we ought to give them a few more days to complete that so that we too have a complete understanding of the facts” before making decisions on how the U.S. should respond.
Turkey is conducting its own probe, and Pompeo said those results will also be taken into consideration.
He again stressed the importance of Saudi Arabia as a strategic ally, in a relationship, he noted, that dates back more than 80 years.
The administration’s reluctance to condemn the Saudi government has fueled criticism from Democrats and Republicans in Congress, from diplomats and from even some corporations that long have profited from close relations with the Saudi royal family.
“We just are going to allow the process to move forward, allow the facts to unfold,” Pompeo said.
“And as they unfold, as we make a determination for ourselves about what happened there, based on the facts that are presented to us, the United States will determine what the appropriate response might be.”
— Tracy Wilkinson
Los Angeles Times
———
©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
